CBSC-derived DCs had quicker and greater ERK ( extracellular-signal-regulated kinase ) and Akt phosphorylation , and weaker p38 phosphorylation , than PBMC-derived DCs when stimulated with LPS .	
The CBSC-derived DCs had better antigen-presentation abilities when stimulated with LPS or TNF-α , induced higher numbers of IFN-γ-secreting antigen-specific CD8+ T-cells , as assessed using an ELISpot ( enzyme-linked immunosorbent spot ) assay , and stimulated more potent antigen-specific CTL ( cytotoxic T-cell ) activities ( P<0.01 , one-way ANOVA ) .	
The CBSC-derived DCs mainly secreted IL ( interleukin)-6 , IL-10 and TNF ( tumour necrosis factor)-α , whereas PBMC-derived DCs mainly secreted IL-5 and IFN ( interferon)-γ .	
The expression of surface markers in CBSC-derived DCs were higher than those in PBMC-derived DCs treated with LPS ( lipopolysaccharide ) .	
CBSCs were expanded by ex vivo culture .	
Surface markers , secreting cytokines , antigen-presentation activity , antigen-specific cell-mediated immunity and cytotoxic killing effects induced by these two DC origins were evaluated and compared .	
CBSCs and PBMCs ( peripheral blood mononuclear cells ) were collected , cultured and differentiated into DCs .	
The aim of the present study was to investigate whether CBSCs [ (umbilical) cord blood stem cells ] can be a new source of DCs ( dendritic cells ) , which can generate more potent antigen-specific immune responses and anti-tumour effects .	
In conclusion , CBSC-derived DCs have the ability to induce stronger antigen-specific immunity and more potent anti-tumour effects and therefore could be a good source of DCs for use in DC-based cancer vaccines and immunotherapy .	
Previously , we reported on a subset of genes with the potential for predicting response of primary breast cancer to neoadjuvant chemotherapy .	
Molecular profiling has facilitated identification of signatures for stratifying patients who would potentially benefit from given therapies .	
This heterogeneity may give rise to different therapy responses .	
The level of Socs3 , the endogenous Stat3 inhibitory protein , was higher in Gprc5a(+/+) than in Gprc5a(-/-) cells , and expression of the tumor suppressor stabilized Socs3 .	
Functional analyses showed that PPP1R15B depletion results in impaired proliferation due to unsuccessful transition of cells from G1 to S phase of the cell cycle , and apoptosis induction .	91	81	9	8
This approach led us to identify protein phosphatase 1 , regulatory subunit 15B ( PPP1R15B ) as a factor with a potentially essential role in the survival of ERα-positive breast cancer cells .	
To identify novel factors that contribute to the survival of breast cancer cells , a loss-of-function screen was performed with a subset of genes overexpressed in patients with disease resistant to chemotherapy .	
Herein , we report that patients with luminal ( estrogen receptor α [ ERα]-expressing ) breast cancer were enriched for nonresponders .	9	93
The microsatellite instability ( MSI ) group showed a relatively high median age ( 69.3 years ) due to the departmental policy of testing all cases with possible MSI morphology regardless of age .	
CONCLUSIONS The sensitivity and specificity of a two panel test comprised of PMS2 and MSH6 , compared to a four panel test , is 100% .	
No false negatives or positives were identified .	
We conclude that the two panel test should replace a four panel protocol for immunohistochemical screening for mismatch repair deficiency .	62	6
The goal of the present study was to examine hepatic differential gene expression patterns in Fisher-344 rats in response to dietary 2-aminoanthracene ( 2AA ) ingestion for 14 and 28 days .	
Cells were divided into the overexpression of PTEN gene group ( Ad-PTEN-GFP ) , negative control group ( Ad-GFP ) , and blank control group ( DMEM ) .	
The estimated difference in birth weight for infants in the highest versus lowest quartile of acrylamide Hb adduct levels after adjusting for gestational age and country was -132 g ( 95% CI : -207 , -56 ) ; the corresponding difference for head circumference was -0.33 cm ( 95% CI : -0.61 , -0.06 ) .	61	611	6
These results suggest that SWAP-70-374 can activate some signaling pathways , including the ERK1/2 pathway , to transform MEFs .	
This drug was able to inhibit SWAP-70-mediated membrane ruffling as well , suggesting that its effect was closely related to the SWAP-70 signaling pathway .	
Among various drugs , sanguinarine was found to inhibit transformation of MEFs by SWAP-70-374 .	
To investigate the function of SWAP-70 further , drugs that can inhibit SWAP-70-dependent cell responses were screened .	
Use of MEK inhibitors revealed that the ERK1/2 pathway does not affect the cell growth of MEFs but is responsible for loss of contact inhibition .	5	52
ERK1/2 was activated in SWAP-70-374-transformed cells .	
Expression of this mutant in MEFs resulted in morphologic transformation , fast growth , and loss of contact inhibition , suggesting that SWAP-70 with this mutation can transform the cells .	5	52
This mutant was present at the plasma membrane without any stimulation while the wild-type protein was present only in the cytosol unless cells were stimulated with EGF .	
A mutant , SWAP-70-374 , was found to be able to bind to F-actin in vitro , whereas wild-type SWAP-70 failed to do so .	
SWAP-70 , a phosphatidylinositol trisphosphate ( PtdIns(3,4,5)P(3) ) binding protein , has been suggested to be involved in transformation of mouse embryo fibroblasts ( MEFs ) as well as membrane ruffling after growth factor stimulation of the cells .	
Twenty four post-weaning 3-4 week old F-344 male rats were exposed to 0 mgkg(-1)-diet ( control ) , 50 mgkg(-1)-diet ( low dose ) , 75 mgkg(-1)-diet ( medium dose ) and 100 mgkg(-1)-diet ( high dose ) 2AA for 14 and 28 days .	
The gastric fundus and antrum were evaluated independently using a 0-4 scale to score inflammation , parietal and chief cell loss , mucus metaplasia , and helicobacter colonization .	
The gastric pathology and immune response in these two groups of mice were analyzed for up to 15 months postinfection .	
Sera were also evaluated for H. felis antibody by ELISA .	
Nonparametric statistical analysis was performed to determine the effects of p53(+/-) , infection status , and postinoculation ( p.i. ) time on inflammation , preneoplastic changes , invasive lesions , and helicobacter colonization. mRNA expression for gammaIFN , interleukin ( IL)-1 , IL-10 , and IL-4 was quantified by PCR .	
It remains unclear why patients with germ-line p53 mutations ( i.e. , Li-Fraumeni syndrome ) are not at increased risk for gastric adenocarcinoma , despite the fact that they show a high rate of many other tumors .	
p53 is a tumor suppressor gene that is mutated in many human malignancies , including gastric cancer .	
To assess the role of germ-line p53 deletions in modulating the progression to gastric cancer , p53(+/-) and wild-type ( WT ) C57BL/6 mice were infected with H. felis .	
Furthermore , the precise relationship between germ-line p53 mutations and the response to chronic bacterial infections ( such as Helicobacter spp. ) has not been investigated .	
There was a significant , protective effect on the development of preneoplastic fundic lesions and invasive carcinoma attributable to the deletion of one p53 allele ( P < 0.05 ) .	11	1
Antral inflammation increased significantly with time in infected mice .	a	a2
Here , we show that the ATM signalling mediator proteins MDC1 , RNF8 , RNF168 and 53BP1 are also required for heterochromatic DSB repair .	62	6
In the 3 cell lines , sorafenib suppressed the cell proliferation mainly by blocking the MEK/ERK downstream pathway at the posttranscriptional level , which in turn regulated related gene expression via a feed-back mechanism .	9	921	92
CONCLUSION This study provides novel evidence that protein kinases RET and VEGFR2 play crucial roles in cancer treatment with sorafenib .	
The expressions of IL-20 and IL-20R1 were observed in bladder cancer 5637 and T-24 cells .	
The inhibition of miR-490-3p had the opposite effect on the cells .	
We identified ERGIC3 ( endoplasmic reticulum-Golgi intermediate compartment protein 3 ) as a direct target gene for miR-490-3p .	
Unlike most miRNA-mRNA interactions , miR-490-3p increased ERGIC3 mRNA and protein levels as well as the intensity of expression of the EGFP reporter gene controlled by the 3'-UTR of ERGIC3 mRNA .	
Breast cancer is a heterogeneous disease at both the clinical and molecular levels .	
MicroRNAs ( miRNAs ) are considered to be regulators of various biological processes in cancers , including the epithelial to mesenchymal transition ( EMT ) , which is a key factor in cancer metastasis .	
These events , in turn , trigger robust , type 1 polarized adaptive immune responses in vivo , suggesting that mDF2beta may play an important role in immunosurveillance against pathogens and , possibly , self antigens or tumor antigens .	2	21
We demonstrate that murine beta-defensin 2 ( mDF2beta ) acts directly on immature dendritic cells as an endogenous ligand for Toll-like receptor 4 ( TLR-4 ) , inducing up-regulation of costimulatory molecules and dendritic cell maturation .	
beta-Defensins are small antimicrobial peptides of the innate immune system produced in response to microbial infection of mucosal tissue and skin .	
In both time points , the numbers of genes affected seem to correlate with the dose of 2AA .	
Overexpression of ERGIC3 led to the same effect on HCC cells as miR-490-3p overexpression , including EMT .	
Although KAP-1 phosphorylation is critical for 53BP1-mediated repair , overall phosphorylated KAP-1 ( pKAP-1 ) levels are only modestly affected by 53BP1 loss. pKAP-1 is transiently pan-nuclear but also forms foci overlapping with gammaH2AX in heterochromatin .	
The three flounder populations from the Seine estuary ( Normandy ) , Ster estuary ( Brittany ) , and Bay of Veys ( Normandy ) showed different spectra of hepatic lesions .	
Temporal trends were also noted , with an increased prevalence of parasitic infestations , inflammations , and FCA in the 2002-2003 period in comparison to the 1996-1997 one .	
Flounders from the Ster estuary exhibited the highest prevalence of parasites ( 37.2 % ) and inflammations ( 51.1 % ) .	
Flounders from the Bay of Veys had relatively few liver lesions as compared to flounders from the two other estuaries .	
Group 0 flounders inhabiting the upper Seine estuary were more prone to parasitic and pre-neoplastic hepatic lesions and had higher levels of liver DNA adducts than the older ones living downstream .	61	611	6
Finally , FCA and liver tumors occurred at very similar levels in both flounder populations from the Seine and the Ster estuaries .	
It was postulated that group 0 European flounders may serve as valuable bioindicators for assessing the quality of estuarine waters and the health status of euryhaline fish populations .	
PFGE for low ssSDF and high dsSDF profile samples and positive controls treated with DNase , to induce dsDNA breaks , showed a more intense band of about 48 kb , which fits the toroid model of DNA compaction in sperm , pointing out that some nuclease activity may be affecting their sperm DNA in RPL patients .	612	61	6
ROC analysis regarding recurrent miscarriage set the cut-off value at 77.50% of dsDNA SDF .	
SDF was analysed using alkaline and neutral Comet assay , SCD test and pulsed-field gel electrophoresis ( PFGE ) , and ROC analysis including data from 105 more infertile patients ( n\u200a=\u200a150 ) was performed to establish predictive threshold values .	
Semen samples were classified attending their clinical status : 25 fertile donors and 20 RPL patients with at least two unexplained first trimester miscarriages .	
This could be relevant because the type of DNA damage could have different effects .	
It is known that sperm samples from recurrent pregnancy loss ( RPL ) couples have an increase in their sperm DNA fragmentation ( SDF ) , but no studies have been performed in order to identify differences between single stranded SDF ( ssSDF ) and double stranded SDF ( dsSDF ) in these patients .	
This latter profile was seen in 85% of unexplained RPL and 33% of fertile donors , suggesting that it may be associated to a male risk factor for undergoing RPL .	
The values obtained were 21.10±9.13 , 23.35±10.45 and 12.31±4.31 , respectively , for fertile donors with low values for both ssSDF and dsSDF ; 27.86±12.64 , 80.69±12.67 and 12.43±5.22 , for fertile donors with low ssSDF and high dsSDF ; and 33.61±15.50 , 84.64±11.28 and 19.28±6.05 , for unexplained RPL patients , also showing a low ssSDF and high dsSDF profile .	
Data revealed the presence of two subgroups within fertile donors .	
SDF for alkaline and neutral Comet , and the SCD test was analysed in these categories of individuals .	
Moreover , our data revealed a regulatory role for PPP1R15B in activating ERα .	
The elucidation of the mechanistic features of the duplication will be of considerable interest for the characterization of these horse melanomas as well as for the field of human melanoma research .	
( 2 ) Alterations in GLN metabolism-GLN supplementation may impair synthesis of endogenous GLN and enhance glutamate and ammonia production .	
CONCLUSIONS : For the first time , the current study demonstrated that proteasome inhibitors induced PI3K and Beclin 1-independent autophagy in ovarian cancer cells .	82	8
The evident relationship between the presence of cysts and differentiation grade is interesting from a clinical point of view as grading is especially important for the prognosis and treatment of patients with stage I EOC .	
This means that cystic EOCs represent a subgroup of larger and more well-differentiated tumors .	
In contrast , tumor grade and tumor size were independently related to the presence of cystic EOC .	
Histological subtype , FIGO stage , tumor necrosis and age were not associated with the presence of cystic EOC .	83	8
CONTEXT Papillary thyroid carcinoma ( PTC ) is the most frequent thyroid tumor and is responsible for the overall increase in thyroid cancer incidence .	
Our findings demonstrated that patients bearing the luminal subtype displayed high TNF-α , TGF-β and enhanced oxidative stress levels associated with reduced IL-12 .	a21	a2	a
HER-2-enriched group exhibited higher levels of TNF-α , IL-12 and TGF-β associated with enhanced oxidative stress .	a21	a2	a
Oxidative profile was assessed by determination of lipid peroxidation , total antioxidant capacity of plasma , malondialdehyde levels , carbonyl content and nitric oxide ( NO ) .	
Clinical data were correlated with inflammatory findings .	a	a2
In this study , we defined the inflammatory profile of the main molecular subtypes of breast cancer patients : luminal ( ER and PR positive , HER-2 negative ) , HER-2 enriched ( HER-2 positive ) and triple negative ( ER , PR and HER-2 negative ) .	
Cytokines panel was assessed by measurement of TNF-α , TGF-β , IL-1 , IL-10 and IL-12 plasmatic levels .	
Breast cancer consists in a chronic inflammatory disease with multiple biological and clinical behaviors .	
Based on high throughput technologies data , this disease is currently classified according to the molecular expression of estrogen ( ER ) , progesterone ( PR ) and human epidermal growth factor ( HER-2 ) receptors .	
Triple-negative subtype exhibited the most aggressive profile of disease behavior , with reduction in both TNF-α and TGF-β , with high levels of lipid peroxidation and NO .	a21	a2	a
The clinical importance of our findings lies in the fact that the inflammatory status varies in distinct ways due to molecular subtype of breast cancer , opening potential therapeutic targets to future therapies .	a	a2
The presence of these soluble receptors and immunosuppressive cytokines , including interleukin-10 ( IL-10 ) , might be important in the mechanisms of immunosuppression. cis-Diaminedichloroplatinum ( cisplatin ) has been reported to immunomodulate , especially when used in low dose in combination with 5-Fluorouracil ( 5-FU ) .	
In this study , cisplatin and UFT , a form of uracil and tegafur which is a prodrug of 5-FU , were administered with immunomodulator Polysaccharide K ( PSK ) to ten patients with colorectal cancer , who showed distant metastasis in the liver or lung , and the serum levels of sIL-2R and sTNF-R1 and the production of gamma-interferon ( gamma-INF ) and interleukin-10 by peripheral blood mononuclear cells were measured .	1	12
It is well known that cell-mediated immunity is suppressed in patients with neoplastic diseases .	
We have reported that soluble receptors for interleukin-2 ( sIL-2R ) and tumor necrosis factor ( sTNF-R1 ) are elevated in the serum of patients with advanced colorectal cancer .	
The serum concentrations of sIL-2R and the production of IL-10 were reduced ( p < 0.05 ) after 2 months of treatment .	
Thus , this combination appeared to have immunomodulative potential in patients with advanced colorectal cancer .	2	21
CONCLUSIONS The differential regulation of IL-6 and iNOS together with the differential activation of different NFκB dimers suggest that IL-6 and iNOS are regulated by different NFκB dimers , and differentially regulated by the microenvironment of epithelial cells .	
The understanding of innate immune responses and inflammation in epithelia and linkage thereof is crucial for understanding the link between chronic inflammation and cancer in epithelial tissues such as the mammary gland .	a1	a
SCp2 cells in coculture with SCg6 but not in presence of EHS dramatically induced IL-6 secretion even in the absence of ET .	
ET-induced NO production was blunted in SCp2/SCg6 cocultures compared to that in SCp2 alone .	
L-428 Reed-Sternberg cells secrete physiologically active TGF beta but have fewer than 500 TGF beta receptor sites per cell ; no significant proliferative response was measured for either anti-TGF beta 1 or anti-Hodgkin's TGF beta .	9	92
These results show the suppressive effect of exogenous TGF beta 1 on indolent Ki-1 lymphoma cells and suggest that the endogenous secretion of high molecular weight physiologically active TGF beta is important in maintaining the indolent nature of this low-grade Ki-1 positive lymphoma .	
DNA synthesis by Ki-1 lymphoma cells was increased 138-fold by anti-TGF beta 1 antibody and 262-fold by anti-Hodgkin's TGF beta .	
Exogenous TGF beta 1 suppression was completely reversed by anti-TGF beta 1 antibody and IL-2-induced proliferation was markedly potentiated ( 41 fold ) .	9	92
A monoclonal antibody ( T1A5 ) prepared against a unique antigenic epitope of high molecular weight Hodgkin's TGF beta and a polyclonal rabbit antibody prepared against highly purified 25,000 D porcine platelet TGF beta 1 were used .	
Both antibodies are shown here to inhibit the biological activity of Hodgkin's TGF beta and to crossreact with their respective antigens in immunoblotting .	9	92
Activated lymphocytes and malignant lymphoma cells derived from them ( Ki-1 positive lymphoma cells ) share similar mechanisms of proliferation .	
To further examine the inhibitory role of endogenous transforming growth factor beta ( TGF beta ) in Ki-1 positive lymphoma cells , the authors studied anti-TGF beta antibodies and measured their effect on proliferation .	
The different potential of D-17272 , D-18864 and D-19575 to induce DNA strand breakage in the human histiocytic lymphoma U937 cells was shown .	612	61	6
In addition , IL-20 induced the activation of IKK , the degradation and phosphorylation of IκBa , and NF-κB p65 nuclear translocation , which was regulated by ERK1/2 .	
Moreover , reconstituted miR222 expression was sufficient to override the effects of apoE on p27 expression and S phase entry .	
We found that schwannoma cells , containing merlin mutations and constitutive activation of the Rho/Rac family of GTPases , had decreased intracellular vesicular trafficking relative to normal human Schwann cells .	63	6
We tested if microtubule-based vesicular trafficking might be a mechanism by which merlin acts .	
These results suggest that the elevation of MT and Zn levels can be a helpful marker for detecting malignancy .	
Neurofibromatosis type 2 patients develop schwannomas , meningiomas and ependymomas resulting from mutations in the tumor suppressor gene , NF2 , encoding a membrane-cytoskeleton adapter protein called merlin .	
Nevertheless , when tumor-bearing mice and rats were fed a Zn-deficient diet , the hepatic levels of Zn and MT did not increase .	
In mice in which inflammation was induced at the same region , on the other hand , hepatic levels of Zn and MT increased transiently after the injection of turpentine or carrageenan even when they were fed the Zn-deficient diet .	a	a2
A tumor growth-dependent elevation in the hepatic levels of Zn and metallothionein ( MT ) , without a change in the level of Cu , was found in mice and rats bearing solid tumors in the inguinal region .	
The levels of Zn and MT thus elevated gave a significant correlation ( r = 0.95 ) between them .	
The male-to-female ratio was 2:3 .	
RESULTS The patients age ranged from 28 to 62 years ( mean = 43 years ) .	
All of the 5 patients suffered from disease relapses ; and 4 of them had recurrences for more than 5 times .	
The clinical presentation included nasal obstruction , nasal discharge , nasal bleeding , facial pain , facial swelling , toothache and tear overflow .	
METHODS The clinical and histologic features of 5 cases of sinonasal IMT were reviewed .	
OBJECTIVE To study the clinicopathologic features , immunophenotype and ultrastructural features of sinonasal inflammatory myofibroblastic tumors ( IMT ) .	
Ultrastructural examination was also performed in two of the cases .	
Immunohistochemical study for vimentin , MSA , SMA , calponin , h-caldesmon , desmin , ALK , fibronectin , CK , S-100 and Ki-67 was carried out .	
Histologically , the tumor cells were arranged in interlacing fascicles and sometimes haphazard in fashion .	
One patient had lymph node metastasis and 3 patients died of the disease .	1	12
These enamel epithelium remnants exhibit the ability to recapitulate the events that occur during tooth formation .	
Odontogenic tumors originate from the remains of migrating enamel epithelium after the completion of normal tooth genesis .	
In this study we demonstrated that WNT5A expression was intense in both the epithelial component of ameloblastomas , the most common epithelial odontogenic tumor , and in this tumor's likely precursor cell , the enamel epithelium located at the cervical loop of normal developing human tooth buds .	
Several lines of evidence suggest that aberrance in the signaling pathways similar to the ones that are used during tooth development , including the WNT pathway , might be the cause of odontogenic tumorigenesis and maintenance .	
Moreover , overexpression of WNT5A drastically increased LS-8 cell migration and actin reorganization when compared with controls .	
Additionally , when WNT5A was overexpressed in enamel epithelium cells ( LS-8 ) , the clones expressing high levels of WNT5A ( S ) exhibited characteristics of tumorigenic cells , including growth factor independence , loss of anchorage dependence , loss of contact inhibition , and tumor formation in immunocompromised mice .	5	52
Taken together , our data indicate that WNT5A signaling is important in modulating tumorigenic behaviors of enamel epithelium cells in ameloblastomas .	
Suppression of endogenous WNT5A in LS-8 cells ( AS ) greatly impaired their migration and AS cells failed to form significant actin reorganization and membrane protrusion was rarely seen .	
All cases of NPC were positive for 8-NitroG and 8-OHdG , and 54 ( 94.7% ) were positive for iNOS .	a21	61	a2	a	6
NPC samples exhibited significantly more intense staining for 8-NitroG , 8-OHdG and iNOS than those of chronic nasopharyngitis ( P < 0.05 , respectively ) .	
In contrast , the combination of p53 RNAi knockdown with expression of oncogenic H-Ras(G12V) transformed the p16-deficient BAR-T cells , as evidenced by their loss of contact inhibition , by their formation of colonies in soft agar , and by their generation of tumors in immunodeficient mice .	5	52
CONCLUSIONS/SIGNIFICANCE Through these experiments , we have generated a number of transformed and non-transformed cell lines with well-characterized genetic abnormalities recapitulating various stages of carcinogenesis in Barrett's esophagus .	
These lines should be useful models for the study of carcinogenesis in Barrett's esophagus , and for testing the efficacy of chemopreventive and chemotherapeutic agents .	
BACKGROUND Human Barrett's cancer cell lines have numerous , poorly-characterized genetic abnormalities and , consequently , those lines have limited utility as models for studying the early molecular events in carcinogenesis .	
Cell lines with well-defined genetic lesions that recapitulate various stages of neoplastic progression in Barrett's esophagus would be most useful for such studies .	
METHODOLOGY/PRINCIPAL FINDINGS To develop such model cell lines , we started with telomerase-immortalized , non-neoplastic Barrett's epithelial ( BAR-T ) cells , which are spontaneously deficient in p16 , and proceeded to knock down p53 using RNAi , to activate Ras by introducing oncogenic H-Ras(G12V) , or both .	
BAR-T cells infected with either p53 RNAi or oncogenic H-Ras(G12V) alone maintained cell-to-cell contact inhibition and did not exhibit anchorage-independent growth in soft agar .	5	52
METHOD : Autophagy activation was measured using acridine orange staining and LC3 transition .	
Similarly , YAP1 was activated in some human trichilemmal carcinomas , and some of these also exhibited MOB1A/1B inactivation .	
ABSTRACT : BACKGROUND : The ubiquitin-proteasome system and macroautophagy ( hereafter referred to autophagy ) are two complementary pathways for protein degradation .	
This is the first report of gene rearrangements resulting in TCS .	
These findings expand the TCOF1 mutation spectrum indicating that dosage analysis should be performed together with sequence analysis , a strategy that is predicted to have a sensitivity of 71% for patients in whom TCS is strongly suspected .	
The majority of the pathogenic sequence changes were found to predict premature protein termination , however , four novel missense changes in the LIS1 homology motif at the 5 ' end of the gene were identified .	
The partial gene deletions of different sizes represent of all the pathogenic TCOF1 mutations identified , indicating that gene rearrangements account for a significant proportion of TCS cases .	
In all , 92 cases were found to have a pathogenic mutation by sequencing and 5 to have a partial gene deletion .	
A further case had a novel in-frame deletion in the alternatively spliced exon 6A of uncertain pathogenicity .	
Treacher-Collins-Franceschetti syndrome ( TCS ) is an autosomal dominant craniofacial disorder characterised by midface hypoplasia , micrognathia , downslanting palpebral fissures , eyelid colobomata , and ear deformities that often lead to conductive deafness .	
A total of 182 patients with signs consistent with a diagnosis of TCS were screened by DNA sequence and dosage analysis of the TCOF1 gene .	
In general , it is thought that GFP is nontoxic to cells , although there are some reports on the side effect of GFP .	
The green fluorescent protein ( GFP ) is the most commonly used reporter protein for monitoring gene expression and protein localization in a variety of living and fixed cells , including not only prokaryotes , but also eukaryotes , e.g. , yeasts , mammals , plants and fish .	
Here we show that Ku80 , but not XRCC4 , plays an important role in the mechanism of the resistance to cytotoxicity induced by enhanced GFP ( EGFP ) .	62	6
Emerging evidence suggests that proteasome inhibition might be a promising approach for tumor therapy .	
In addition , Ku80 attenuated EGFP-induced cytotoxicity in the xrs-6 cells .	
EGFP inhibited both cell proliferation and colony formation , and induced cell death in Ku80-deficient hamster cells , i.e. , xrs-6 cells .	
Furthermore , EGFP markedly enhanced X-ray-induced cytotoxicity in the xrs-6 cells .	
No EGFP-induced cytotoxicity was observed in the NHEJ core protein XRCC4-deficient hamster cells , i.e. , XR-1 cells .	62	6
RESULTS : Proteasome inhibitors suppressed proliferation and induced autophagy in ovarian cancer cells .	82	8
Co-culture with HSCs also enhanced the migratory capability of ICC cells .	11	1
Furthermore , addition of SDF-1α and AngII enhanced the increase of the migratory capability and vimentin expression , reduced E-cadherin expression , and translocated the expression of β-catenin into the nucleus and cytoplasm in ICC cells .	
AngII has been known as a growth factor which can promote epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition ( EMT ) in renal epithelial cells , alveolar epithelial cells and peritoneal mesothelial cells .	
We previously reported that hepatic stellate cells ( HSCs ) activated by angiotensin II ( AngII ) facilitate stromal fibrosis and tumor progression in intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma ( ICC ) .	
SDF-1 and its specific receptor , CXCR4 , are now receiving attention as a mechanism of cell progression and metastasis .	
However , in the past , the relationship between AngII and stromal cell-derived factor-1 ( SDF-1 ) in the microenvironment around cancer and the role of AngII on EMT of cancer cells has not been reported in detail .	
Two human ICC cell lines and a human HSC line , LI-90 , express CXCR4 .	
In this study , we examined whether activated HSCs promote tumor fibrogenesis , tumor progression and distant metastasis by mediating EMT via the AngII/AngII type 1 receptor ( AT-1 ) and the SDF-1/CXCR4 axis .	1	12
SDF-1α increased the proliferative activity of HSCs and enhanced the activation of HSCs as a growth factor .	9	92
Significantly higher concentration of SDF-1α was released into the supernatant of LI-90 cells to which AngII had been added .	9	92
Neither phosphoinositide 3-kinase ( PI3K ) inhibitors nor shRNA against Beclin 1 could abolish the formation of acidic vacuoles and the processing of LC3 induced by proteasome inhibitors .	
Our findings provided new insights into another beneficial potential of antidepressant DMI in the adjuvant therapy of cancer .	
The results strongly suggested that DMI could induce autophagy through the PERK-ER stress pathway in C6 glioma cells .	82	8
Cell viability and apoptosis were measured using MTT assay and flow cytometry , respectively .	
Our previous study revealed that DMI at the clinical relevant concentrations could induce CHOP-dependent apoptotic death in C6 glioma cells .	
Increasing evidences suggest that DMI has a broad spectrum of target-off biological effects , such as anticancer properties .	
CONCLUSION These facts suggest that downregulating expression of Notch3 could attenuate the Notch signaling activity in T-ALL .	
All these results indicate that inhibition of Notch3 expression can result in potent antitumor activity in T-ALL .	
METHODS To explore its possibility as a therapeutic target for T-ALL , we investigated the effect of Notch3 silencing on Jurkat and SupT1 cells using a novel tumor-specific short hairpin RNA ( shRNA ) driven by survivin promoters .	
RESULTS We found that downregulated expression of Notch3 correlated with significant apoptosis and inhibition of proliferation .	8	81
BACKGROUND As a highly conserved system , the activation of the Notch pathway has been implicated in the tumorigenesis of various hematologic diseases , including leukemias , lymphomas , and multiple myeloma .	
The Notch3 receptor is frequently expressed in T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia ( T-ALL ) .	
The median RFS was not reached .	
Patients with a low NLR had a 1- and 5-year RFS of 98 and 91% , compared with 89 and 76% in those with a high NLR .	
METHODS : A total of 339 previously untreated patients with primary , localized GIST operated at our institution between 1995 and 2010 were identified from a prospectively collected sarcoma database .	
The aim of this study was to determine whether the NLR is prognostic in GIST .	
The neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio ( NLR ) in blood is an easily assessable parameter of systemic inflammatory response .	
BACKGROUND : The immune system has been shown to play an important role in gastrointestinal stromal tumor ( GIST ) .	
RESULTS : On univariate analysis , NLR was associated with recurrence-free survival ( RFS ) ( P=0.003 , hazard ratio 3.3 , 95% confidence interval 1.5-7.4 ) .	
Cox regression models were calculated and correlation analyses were performed .	
Patients who received adjuvant imatinib treatment were excluded from the analysis ( n=64 ) .	
NLR was assessed preoperatively .	
Significant decrease in proliferation and increase in apoptosis suggest a possible interplay between the two processes resulting in inhibition of colon carcinogenesis by black tea .	8	81
The health promoting properties of tea have been attributed to its antioxidative polyphenolic constituents and their oxidative products .	
Tea ( Camellia sinensis ) is one of the most popular beverages , consumed worldwide .	
Rats were injected with azoxymethane ( 15mg/kg.b.w. ) and received oral administration of 1% and 2% ( w/v ) tea infusions from the 1(st)day of carcinogen application .	
The aim of the present study was to evaluate the chemopreventive efficacy of a black tea infusion on azoxymethane induced colonic preneoplastic lesions , the aberrant crypt foci in Sprague-Dawley rats .	
The colons were then assessed for aberrant crypt foci and compared with the untreated carcinogen control group .	
The treatment was continued for 12 weeks .	
Aberrant crypt foci were reduced significantly ( by 44% in the 1% tea-treated and by about 40% in 2% tea-treated group ) .	
In situ cell proliferation and in situ apoptosis were also estimated using Brdu incorporation and the TUNEL method , respectively .	8	81
However , the mechanisms of smoking-induced PaCa remain unknown .	
These could be useful for the further study of the Myc gene modulation .	
METHODS : Human pancreatic ductal cells ( HPDE6-c7 ) were cultured with cigarette smoke extract ( CSE ) or smoking compound 4-(methylnitrosamino)-1-(3-pyridyl)-1-butanone ( NNK ) .	
Here we investigated the effect of smoking compounds on cell death pathways in pancreatic ductal cells , precursors of PaCa .	
RESULTS : Exposure to CSE or NNK decreased DNA fragmentation and up-regulated BclXL .	
Apoptosis and autophagy were assessed by DNA fragmentation and immunofluorescence , respectively .	
Specifically , Akt activation was prevented by inhibition of nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide oxidase .	
Akt kinase was activated by smoking compounds through reactive oxygen species-dependent mechanism .	a21	a2	a
METHODS The full length cDNA of Mxi1 gene obtained from fetal lymphocyte and KG1 cells were inserted into plasmid pDs-red2-N1 respectively to generate pDs-red2-N1/Mri1 ( wild/mutation type ) .	
OBJECTIVE To construct the eukaryotic expression vector for Max interacting protein 1 ( Mxi1 ) .	
RESULTS The eukaryotic expression vector of Mxi1 was constructed and transfected into eukaryotic cells successfully .	
Then the recombinant vector was transfected into Cos-7 cells via liposome. 48 hours post transfection , mRNA of Mri1 gene was detected by RT-PCR and Mxi1 protein expression was detected by flow cytometry and fluorescence microscope in the Cos-7 cells .	
The transfect efficiency of both wild and mutation type were in a high level in 3 days after transfected , which lasted to 6 d .	63	6
The expression of red fluorescence protein in the transfected Cos-7 cells was observed under fluorescence microscope which implied the expression of Mxi1 .	
CONCLUSION We successfully constructed the eukaryote expression vector for Mri1 gene ; Cos-7 cells transfected with the vector via liposome could express Mxi1 protein .	
RT-PCR amplified the total RNA extracted from the transfected Cos-7 cells could find increased mRNA level of Mxi1 gene .	63	6
Our observations suggest that errant ribonucleotides incorporated by pol V can be tolerated in the E. coli genome , but at the cost of higher levels of cellular mutagenesis .	
However , umuC_Y11A-dependent spontaneous mutagenesis is only of that observed with wild-type pol V , but increases to of wild-type levels in an isogenic \u0394rnhB strain and of wild-type levels in a \u0394rnhA \u0394rnhB double mutant .	
Pol V is characterized by low sugar selectivity , which can be further reduced by a Y11A " steric-gate " substitution in UmuC that enables pol V to preferentially incorporate rNTPs over dNTPs in vitro .	
Escherichia coli pol V ( UmuD'(2)C ) , the main translesion DNA polymerase , ensures continued nascent strand extension when the cellular replicase is blocked by unrepaired DNA lesions .	
Here , we show that these phenotypes result from the concomitant dual actions of Ribonuclease HII ( RNase HII ) initiating removal of rNMPs from the nascent DNA strand and nucleotide excision repair ( NER ) removing UV lesions from the parental strand .	
Despite efficient error-prone translesion synthesis catalyzed by UmuC_Y11A in vitro , strains expressing umuC_Y11A exhibit low UV mutability and UV resistance .	
We present evidence that the Y11A-specific UV phenotype is tempered by pol IV in vivo .	
In the absence of either repair pathway , UV resistance and mutagenesis conferred by umuC_Y11A is significantly enhanced , suggesting that the combined actions of RNase HII and NER lead to double-strand breaks that result in reduced cell viability .	
In a recA730 lexA(Def) \u0394umuDC \u0394dinB strain , plasmid-encoded wild-type pol V promotes high levels of spontaneous mutagenesis .	
At physiological ratios of the two polymerases , pol IV inhibits pol V-catalyzed translesion synthesis ( TLS ) past UV lesions and significantly reduces the number of Y11A-incorporated rNTPs by limiting the length of the pol V-dependent TLS tract generated during lesion bypass in vitro .	
PTEN might be an important biological marker and potential therapeutic target in the treatment of human esophageal cancer .	
Thus our results confirm the proposed functional role of MMAC/PTEN as a regulator of esophageal cancer progression in vivo and in vitro .	
The purpose of this study was to determine the effects of adenovirus-mediated MMAC/PTEN expression on the growth and survival of human esophageal cancer cells in vitro and in vivo .	
The development and progression of esophageal cancer is associated with multiple alterations in the genome , including loss of the tumor suppressor phosphatase and tensin homolog deleted from the chromosome 10 ( PTEN ) gene .	
Adenovirus PTEN also inhibited the growth of subcutaneous tumor xenografts by significantly reducing tumor size in vivo .	
We found that compared to control cells , overexpression of PTEN significantly suppressed growth and induced apoptosis in esophageal cancer cell lines Eca-109 and TE-1 via downregulation of Bcl-2 expression and changes in cell-cycle progression .	9	51	511	5	91	8	81
The present study investigated whether ALA disrupts the Warburg effect , which represents a shift in ATP generation from oxidative phosphorylation to glycolysis , protecting tumor cells against oxidative stress-mediated apoptosis .	
Our previous study demonstrated that 5-aminolevulinic acid ( ALA ) administered to mice stimulates oxidative phosphorylation by upregulation of the mitochondrial respiratory chain complex IV enzyme cytochrome c oxidase ( COX ) .	
Furthermore , ALA suppressed glycolysis-mediated acidosis .	31	3
The human lung carcinoma cell line A549 exposed to ALA exhibited enhanced oxidative phosphorylation , which was indicated by an increase in COX protein expression and oxygen consumption .	
These data demonstrate that ALA inhibits the Warburg effect and induces cancer cell death .	31	3
This normalization of the ATP metabolic pathways significantly increased the generation of superoxide anion radical ( O2\u2022- ) and the functional expression of active caspase-3 , leading to caspase-dependent apoptosis .	8	81
Use of this endogenous compound might constitute a novel approach to cancer therapy .	
The up-regulation by miR-490-3p also required the participation of Ago2 .	
Therefore , regular intake of tea may improve the antioxidant status in in vivo and thereby reduce the risk of cancer and coronary heart disease .	
The tea extracts decreased the micronuclei ( MN ) induced by CP .	61	6
Antioxidant properties of tea have vast potential as protective agents against diverse toxic effects .	
Common use of antimutagens and anticarcinogens in everyday life is an effective measure for preventing human cancer and genetic diseases .	
All the three tea extracts at 1 and 2% concentration did not increase the frequency of micronucleated polychromatic erythrocytes ( MPE ) in bone marrow cells of mice when administered individually .	61	6
The present study was aimed to evaluate the role of aqueous clonal tea extracts ( green tea , oolong tea and black tea ) in modulating the genotoxic damage induced by cyclophosphamide ( CP ) , a commonly used chemotherapeutic drug and a well-known mutagen and clastogen .	
Elevated serum GP73 may be correlated with liver tumor load and aggressiveness .	
The areas under the ROC curves were not significantly different between GP73 and AFP ( 0.65 ( 95% confidence interval ( CI ) : 0.54 vs. 0.75 ( 95% CI : 0.67 Z = 1.88 , P more than 0.05 ) .	
Using real-time quantitative RT-PCR , we discovered that miR-490-3p was up-regulated in HCC tissues and cells compared with the adjacent non-tumor tissues and normal cells .	
Thus , IL-6-mediated arginase activation and the subsequent reduction in MHC class II expression on DC appeared to be critical mechanisms for inducing dysfunction of the immune system in the tumor-bearing state .	2	21
CONCLUSION Serum GP73 and AFP have comparable diagnostic efficiency , but the sensitivity of AFP is superior for differential diagnosis of liver cirrhosis and primary hepatic carcinoma .	
We also found that overexpression of miR-490-3p led to an increase in cell proliferation , migration , and invasion abilities and that it contributed to EMT .	11	1
Its frequency ranged from 0 to 80% ( 37.7 +/- 23.6 ) and larger sized , early-staged and DNA aneuploid tumors expressed a significant higher number of PCNA-reactive cells .	
The PCNA and Ki-67 labeling rates were closely correlated ( r = 0.383 , P = 0.009 ) .	
Results generated by the immunohistochemical staining with PC10 , a new monoclonal antibody recognizing PCNA ( a nuclear protein associated with cell proliferation ) in formalin-fixed and paraffin-embedded tissue were compared with those of Ki-67 labeling and DNA flow cytometry in 47 consecutive non-small cell lung cancer ( NSCLC ) .	
PCNA reactivity was observed in all samples and confined to the nuclei of cancer cells .	
RESULTS In normal gallbladder , no expression of p16 was found .	
In chronic cholecystitis , expression of p16 was not found .	
By flow cytometry , we observed a good correlation among PCNA labeling and S-phase fraction ( r = 0.422 , P = .0093 ) and G1 phase ( r = 0.303 , P = .051 ) of the cell cycle .	91	9
Results indicate that PCNA labeling with PC10 is a simple method for assessing the proliferative activity in formalin-fixed , paraffin-embedded tissue of NSCLC and correlates well with Ki-67 labeling and S-phase fraction of the cell cycle .	91	9
In high grade dysplasias , p16 expression was present in 45.0% ( 9/20 ) .	511	5	51
In gallbladder adenocarcinomas , p16 expression was found in 27.6% ( 16/58 ) .	511	5	51
Epigenetic silencing of the THRB gene is common in human cancers .	
That a knock-in mouse harboring a dominant-negative thyroid hormone receptor ( TR)-β ( Thrb ) mutation develops metastatic thyroid cancer strongly suggests the involvement of TRβ in carcinogenesis .	
The NF-κB is best known for its role in inflammation .	
Here we show that constitutive NF-κB activity in cancer cells promotes the biosynthesis of redox scavenger glutathione ( GSH ) , which in turn confers resistance to oxidative stress .	a21	a2	a
Inhibition of NF-κB significantly decreases GSH in several lines of human leukemia and prostate cancer cells possessing high or moderate NF-κB activities .	
Concomitantly , NF-κB inhibition by pharmacological and molecular means sensitizes " NF-κB positive " cancer cells to chemically-induced oxidative stress and death .	a21	a2	a
In conclusion , our data show the successful insertion of the hTERT gene into leiomyoma and myometrial cells and the immortalization of these cell lines without phenotypic alteration from the parental cell types ( up to 200 population doublings ) .	
None of the immortalized cells were tumorigenic in nude mice .	4	41
Increased depth of invasion was associated with increased incidence of inguinal node metastasis .	1
Ten-year survival by tumor thickness was as follows : 0.75 mm , 48% ; 0.75-1.5 mm , 68% ; 1.51-3.0 mm , 44% ; greater than 3.0 mm , 22% .	
To our knowledge , a good in vitro human-derived cell culturing system for leiomyomas does not exist .	
In vitro model systems for studying uterine leiomyomas are limited in that human-derived leiomyoma cells grow poorly in culture compared with normal myometrial cells and begin to senesce early , at approximately passage 10 in our studies .	
Telomerase activity was induced by infecting the target ( uterine leiomyoma and normal myometrial ) cells with a retroviral vector containing hTERT , the gene for the catalytic subunit of telomerase .	
In an attempt to fill this void , we have immortalized a uterine leiomyoma cell line by inducing telomerase activity , which allows cells to bypass their normal programmed senescence .	42	4	41
Analysis of cells for estrogen receptor-alpha and progesterone receptor proteins by Western blotting showed no change in expression of these proteins between the immortalized and parental leiomyoma and myometrial cells .	
Subsequent analysis by RT-PCR and the telomeric repeat amplification protocol assay confirmed expression of the inserted gene and induction of telomerase activity in leiomyoma and myometrial cells .	
The molecular patterns of carboxyalkylpyrroles are recognized by Toll-like receptor 2 ( TLR2 ) , but not TLR4 or scavenger receptors on endothelial cells , leading to an angiogenic response that is independent of vascular endothelial growth factor .	7	71
Both immortalized and parental myometrial and leiomyoma cells expressed the smooth muscle-specific cytoskeletal protein alpha-actin and were negative for mutant p53 protein as evidenced by immunocytochemical staining .	4	41
Thus , adoptive T cell therapy efficacy can be enhanced if CD8(+) T cells with a central memory T cell phenotype are transferred , and IL-2 is present with contemporaneous local inflammation .	a1	a
In this study , we use a murine model of immunotherapy to optimize cell-mediated immunity in the skin .	
We show that in vitro-derived central but not effector memory-like T cells bring about rapid regression of skin-expressing cognate Ag as a transgene in keratinocytes .	
Adoptive T cell therapy uses the specificity of the adaptive immune system to target cancer and virally infected cells .	
Yet the mechanism and means by which to enhance T cell function are incompletely described , especially in the skin .	
In this model , IL-2 facilitates the development in vivo of effector function from central memory but not effector memory T cells .	
In a model of T cell tolerogenesis , we further show that adoptively transferred central but not effector memory T cells can give rise to successful cutaneous immunity , which is dependent on a local inflammatory cue in the target tissue at the time of adoptive T cell transfer .	a1	a
Local inflammation induced by the TLR7 receptor agonist imiquimod subtly yet reproducibly decreases time to skin graft rejection elicited by central but not effector memory T cells in an immunodeficient mouse model .	a1	a
Local CCL4 , a chemokine liberated by TLR7 agonism , similarly enhances central memory T cell function .	
These findings highlight an important role for miR-124 in the regulation of invasive and metastatic potential of breast cancer and suggest a potential application of miR-124 in cancer treatment .	1
Also , lentivirus-delivered miR-124 endows MDA-MB-231 cells with the ability to suppress cell colony formation in vitro and pulmonary metastasis in vivo .	1	12
More intriguingly , ectopic expression of miR-124 in aggressive breast cancer cell lines MDA-MB-231 and BT-549 strongly inhibits cell motility and invasive capacity , as well as the epithelial-mesenchymal transition process .	11	1
Moreover , knockdown of Slug notably impairs the motility of MDA-MB-231 cells , whereas re-expression of Slug abrogates the reduction of motility and invasion ability induced by miR-124 in MDA-MB-231 cells .	11	1
Further studies have identified the E-cadherin transcription repressor Slug as a direct target gene of miR-124 ; its downregulation by miR-124 increases the expression of E-cadherin , a hallmark of epithelial cells and a repressor of cell invasion and metastasis .	1
The miR-124 was reported to be attenuated in several tumors , such as glioma , medulloblastoma and hepatocellular carcinoma .	
MicroRNAs ( miRNAs or miR ) have been integrated into tumorigenic programs as either oncogenes or tumor suppressor genes .	
In this study , we show that the miR-124 expression is significantly suppressed in human breast cancer specimens , which is reversely correlated to histological grade of the cancer .	
However , its role in cancer remains greatly elusive .	
We propose that the BRCA1-CtIP complex plays a role in the nuclease-mediated elimination of oligonucleotides covalently bound to polypeptides from DSBs , thereby facilitating subsequent DSB repair .	62	6
Ectopic overexpression of miR-18a in HCT116 cell lines potently enhanced autophagy and ionizing radiation-induced autophagy .	82	8
In the present study , we explored the impact of miR-18a on the autophagy process and ATM expression in HCT116 colon cancer cells .	
To determine whether a preliminary link exists between autophagy and miR-18a , HCT116 cells were irradiated and quantitative ( q ) PCR was performed to measure miR-18a expression .	
HCT116 cells were transfected with an miR-18a mimic to study its impact on indicators of autophagy .	
Western blotting and luciferase assays were implemented to explore the impact of miR-18a on ATM gene expression in HCT116 cells .	
Autophagy is an evolutionarily conserved , multi-step lysosomal degradation process in which a cell degrades its own long-lived proteins and damaged organelles .	
Ataxia telangiectasia mutated ( ATM ) has recently been shown to upregulate the process of autophagy .	
Previous studies showed that certain microRNAs , including miR-18a , potentially regulate ATM in cancer cells .	
However , the mechanisms behind the modulation of ATM by miR-18a remain to be elucidated in colon cancer cells .	
Of the four patients with disease control , three had serum levels of IL-2 and IFN-γ associated with cytotoxic CD8(+) T-cell activity .	
Serum was collected over the course of treatment , and serial IFN-γ and IL-2 levels were used to determine CD8(+) T-cell activation .	
Fourteen patients with platinum-resistant relapse of ovarian cancer received DD chemotherapy consisting of weekly carboplatin ( AUC2 ) and paclitaxel ( 60-80 mg/m(2) ) as the third- or fourth-line treatment .	
In this model , we found that the DD regimen exerted greater therapeutic effects than the MTD regimen , justifying its further clinical investigation .	
The DD regimen was less toxic to the immune system , reduced immunosuppression by the tumor microenvironment , and triggered recruitment of macrophages and tumor-specific CD8(+) T-cell responses to tumors [ as determined by interleukin ( IL)-2 and IFN-γ secretion ] .	2	22
Immune responses generated by the DD regimen were identified with regard to the immune cell subset responsible for the antitumor effects observed .	2	21
In this study , we assessed whether a DD combinatorial regimen of low-dose cisplatin and paclitaxel produces superior immune-mediated efficacy when compared with a maximum tolerated dose ( MTD ) regimen in treating platinum-resistant ovarian cancer as modeled in mice .	
Furthermore , reduction of FGFR or Tbx3 gene expression was able to abrogate tumorsphere formation , whereas ectopic Tbx3 expression increased tumor seeding potential by 100-fold .	
These findings demonstrate that breast CSCs are stimulated by estrogen through a signaling pathway that similarly controls normal mammary epithelial stem cell biology .	
Dose-dense ( DD ) regimens of combination chemotherapy may produce superior clinical outcomes , but the basis for these effects are not completely clear .	
Many tumors contain heterogeneous populations of cells , only some of which exhibit increased tumorigenicity and resistance to anticancer therapies .	
Evidence suggests that these aggressive cancer cells , often termed " cancer stem cells " or " cancer stem-like cells " ( CSCs ) , rely upon developmental signaling pathways that are important for survival and expansion of normal stem cells .	
Here we report that , in analogy to embryonic mammary epithelial biology , estrogen signaling expands the pool of functional breast CSCs through a paracrine FGF/FGFR/Tbx3 signaling pathway .	9	92
Estrogen or FGF9 pretreatment induced CSC properties of breast cancer cell lines and freshly isolated breast cancer cells , whereas cotreatment of cells with tamoxifen or a small molecule inhibitor of FGFR signaling was sufficient to prevent the estrogen-induced expansion of CSCs .	9	93	92
PAK4si inhibited in vivo tumor growth in nude mice by inhibiting MMP-2 , β3-integrin and phospho-EGFR levels in tumors .	
Codepletion of PAK4 and MMP-2 resulted in robust anoikis-mediated cell death , and severely inhibited invasive and migratory properties in these cells .	11	1
The defect in MCs affected only regulated secretion and not constitutive or transporter-mediated secretion .	
Our studies on increased anoikis sensitization in matrix metalloproteinase-2 ( MMP-2)-knockdown 4910 and 5310 human glioma xenograft cells were interestingly correlated with p21-activated kinase 4 ( PAK4 ) inhibition , prompting us to further investigate the role of PAK4 in glioma .	
Gliomas display anoikis resistance , enhanced invasion in to the adjacent brain parenchyma and eventually recur despite using the standard therapies .	
The siRNA-mediated PAK4 knockdown elevated anoikis , and inhibited invasion and migration by downregulating MMP-2 , αvβ3-integrin and phospho-epidermal growth factor receptor ( phospho-EGFR ) .	1	93	9
Here , we report the PAK4 upregulation in positive correlation with increasing glioma pathological grades .	
Most importantly , glutathione S-transferase pull-down assays demonstrated the MMP-2 as a new PAK4-interacting protein which binds to PAK4 kinase domain .	
The cDNA-PCR arrays revealed a transcriptional suppression of essential proteins involved in cell proliferation and adhesion in PAK4-knockdown cells .	
Overexpression of PAK4 significantly reversed the MMP2si-induced cell death in both cell lines .	8
Individual EGFR/ErbB2 inhibitor and αvβ3 antibody treatments in PAK4si-treated cells indicated the regulation of αvβ3/EGFR survival signaling by PAK4 .	
PX-866 did not induce any apoptosis in glioma cells ; however , an increase in autophagy was observed .	82	8
PX-866 inhibited the invasive and angiogenic capabilities of cultured glioblastoma cells .	
In vivo , PX-866 inhibited subcutaneous tumor growth and increased the median survival time of animals with intracranial tumors .	
We also assessed the potential of proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy ( MRS ) as a noninvasive method to monitor response to PX-866 .	
The phosphatidylinositol-3-kinase ( PI3K)/Akt oncogenic pathway is critical in glioblastomas .	
Loss of PTEN , a negative regulator of the PI3K pathway or activated PI3K/Akt pathway that drive increased proliferation , survival , neovascularization , glycolysis , and invasion is found in 70%-80% of malignant gliomas .	
Thus , PI3K is an attractive therapeutic target for malignant glioma .	
We report that a new irreversible PI3K inhibitor , PX-866 , shows potent inhibitory effects on the PI3K/Akt signaling pathway in glioblastoma .	921	92	9
Our findings show that PX-866 treatment causes a drop in the MRS-detectable choline-to-NAA , ratio and identify this partial normalization of the tumor metabolic profile as a biomarker of molecular drug action .	
Our studies affirm that the PI3K pathway is a highly specific molecular target for therapies for glioblastoma and other cancers with aberrant PI3K/PTEN expression .	921	92	9
Here we demonstrate that EGFR-activated ERK2 binds directly to PKM2 Ile429/Leu431 through the ERK2 docking groove and phosphorylates PKM2 at Ser37 , but does not phosphorylate PKM1 .	
The recombinant of pRC/CMV-AS was introduced into the pancreatic cancer cell line , SW1990 .	
The results suggested that the rIL-16 might be a regulator for the growth or apoptosis of Jurkat cells at a dose-dependent manner .	8	81
The growth-inhibiting effects of rIL-16 might be Fas/FasL independent , but , associated with the activation of PKC , up-regulated expression of c-Myc and Bid , and the participation of the ERK signal pathway in Jurkat cells .	
The mechanism of anti-tumor was studied and tested .	
The effects of IL-16 on the target cells are dependent on the cell type , the presence of co-activators etc .	
To understand the regulation function and mechanism of IL-16 on target cells , we used a 130 a.a. recombinant IL-16 to study its effects on the growth of Jurkat T leukemia cells in vitro .	
IL-16 is a ligand and chemotactic factor for CD4+ T cells .	
IL-16 inhibits the CD3 mediated lymphocyte activation and proliferation .	
The treatment blocked the expression of FasL , but up-regulated the c-myc and Bid expression in the cells .	8	81
Pre-treatment of PKC inhibitor or MEK1 inhibitor markedly increased or decreased the rIL-16 induced growth-inhibiting effects on Jurkat cells , respectively .	
We found that the rIL-16 stimulated the proliferation of Jurkat cells at low dose ( 10(-9)M ) , but inhibited the growth of the cells at higher concentration ( 10(-5)M ) .	
Results showed that 10(-5) M of rIL-16 treatment induced an enhanced apoptosis in Jurkat cells .	8	81
METHODS Angiostatin gene was cloned into the eukaryotic expression vector pRC/CMV .	
RESULTS The eukaryotic expression vector pRC/CMV-AS was identified by the restriction digest. pRC/CMV-AS was stably integrated into the target cells and expressed by Western blot and drug-sensitivity tests , and inhibited the vascular endothelial cells proliferation in vitro .	7	71
In conclusion , our preclinical data suggest that an appropriately timed sequential treatment of BRAF(V600) mutant melanoma with vemurafenib and adoptive T-cell transfer might result in synergistic antineoplastic effects owing to an increased immunogenicity of cancer cells .	2	21
Microarray data suggests that improved tumor recognition is associated with modified expression of MHC Class I-associated proteins as well as of heat-shock proteins .	
Antitumor reactivity was improved regardless of the class of antigen recognized by tumor-specific CD8(+) T cells .	2	21
Here we show that blocking the BRAF-MAPK pathway in BRAF signaling-addicted melanoma cells significantly increases the ability of T cells contained in clinical grade tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes to recognize autologous BRAF(V600) mutant melanoma cell lines in vitro .	
By characterizing the immunological interactions between T cells and cancer cells in clinical material as well as the influence of the FDA-approved BRAF inhibitor vemurafenib on the immune system , we aimed at unraveling new strategies to expand the efficacy of adoptive T-cell transfer , which represents one of the most promising approaches currently in clinical development for the treatment of metastatic melanoma .	
Immunomodulatory strategies initiated after progression have recently been reported to be poorly efficient .	
In spite of the fact that they occur at high rates , the clinical responses of BRAF(V600) mutant metastatic melanoma to BRAF inhibitors are usually short-lasting , with most cases progressing within less than 8 mo .	
Thus , 85% of Varna patients underwent open radical nephrectomy , 11% nephron-sparing surgery and 4% explorative laparotomy , due to inoperability of the renal mass .	83	8
Only 29% of Bari patients were treated by open radical nephrectomy , 12% underwent laparoscopic nephrectomy , 57% open partial nephrectomy and 2% laparoscopic partial tumor resection .	
Conclusions : These numbers demonstrate more advantageous tumour features at the Italian clinic in terms of organ-sparing surgical options ( open and laparoscopic ) , whereas in the Bulgarian clinic the tumour features pose certain limitations to the application of modern surgical techniques .	
This difference is due to early diagnosis of RCC in Italy , allowing treatment of smaller volume tumors .	
Metabolic reprogramming in cancer is manifested by persistent aerobic glycolysis and suppression of mitochondrial function and is known as the Warburg effect .	
The Warburg effect contributes to cancer progression and is considered to be a promising therapeutic target .	
Understanding the mechanisms used by cancer cells to suppress their mitochondria may lead to development of new approaches to reverse metabolic reprogramming .	
We have evaluated mitochondrial function and morphology in poorly respiring LM7 and 143B osteosarcoma ( OS ) cell lines showing the Warburg effect in comparison with actively respiring Saos2 and HOS OS cells and noncancerous osteoblastic hFOB cells .	
In LM7 and 143B cells , we detected markers of the mitochondrial permeability transition ( MPT ) , such as mitochondrial swelling , depolarization , and membrane permeabilization .	
In addition , we detected mitochondrial swelling in human OS xenografts in mice and archival human OS specimens using electron microscopy .	
The MPT inhibitor sanglifehrin A reversed MPT markers and increased respiration in LM7 and 143B cells .	
Our data suggest that the MPT may play a role in suppression of mitochondrial function , contributing to the Warburg effect in cancer .	31	3
FINDINGS We developed GenomeGems to gap this need by enabling the user to view and compare Single Nucleotide Polymorphisms ( SNPs ) from multiple datasets and to load the data onto the UCSC Genome Browser for an expanded and familiar visualization .	
We have studied the mutagenic specificity of abasic sites using the yeast oligonucleotides transformation assay .	
We introduced oligonucleotide containing a natural abasic site and a tetrahydrofuran abasic site into Rev1 mutants , rev1AA , which contains mutations of Asp467 and Glu468 residues of Rev1p to Ala in order to inactivate dCMP transferase activity , and rev1 delta , which lacks its whole coding sequence .	
The transformation efficiencies of rev1AA with abasic-containing oligonucleotides were lower than those of B7528 , a strain proficient in REV1 gene , but much higher than rev1 delta mutant .	63	6
Sequence analysis opposite the lesions showed that the mutation spectra were different among these three strains .	63	6
The Kaplan-Meier plot showed that the overall mean survival time of the patients with RASSF2-negative expression was shorter than that of patients with positive expression ( χ(2)=156.874 , P<0.0001 ) .	
Further multivariate analysis revealed that patient gender , depth of tumor invasion , distant metastasis , TNM stage and the expression of RASSF2 were independent prognostic factors for patients with gastric cancer .	1
RASSF2 corresponded positively with patient age , histological differentiation , depth of tumor invasion , regional lymph node and distant metastasis , and TNM stage ( all P<0.05 ) .	1
The expression of RASSF2 was significantly lower in carcinomas than in normal mucosas ( P<0.05 ) .	
RASSF2 was expressed in up to 31.2% ( 86/276 ) of this group of gastric carcinoma .	
Samples of gastric adenocarcinoma from 276 Chinese patients with follow-up were analyzed for RASSF2 protein expression by immunohistochemistry .	
However , there have been few reports detailing this in gastric cancer .	
RASSF2 has recently been identified as a potential tumor suppressor that serves as a Ras effector in various types of human cancers .	
DKK1 expression was measured in an ICC cell line ( HCCC-9810 ) and ICC tissues by immunofluorescence assay , quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction , and western blot .	
In late stages , the difference was also significant ( χ(2)=6.246 , P=0.019 ) , with a 35.5% reduction in 3-year survival .	
Moreover , RASSF2-negative expression had a much more significant effect on the survival of those patients with early stage tumors ( χ(2)=127.167 , P<0.0001 ) , highlighted by a >50.9% reduction in 3-year survival compared to that of patients with RASSF2-positive expression .	
Furthermore , T(3) abolished the induction of T1 by the tumor promoter 12-O-tetradecanoylphorbol-13-acetate and inhibited the activity of an activation protein 1-dependent promoter ( -73-Col-CAT ) in EpH4 + TR alpha 1 cells , suggesting that interference with activation protein 1 transcription factor plays a part in the inhibition of the T1 gene .	
CONCLUSION Enhanced cell signaling via p53 and Nrf2 protects cells against proliferating with damage , augments clearance of damaged proteins and organelles and facilitates the maintenance of both genomic and protein integrity .	
Naked mole-rat fibroblasts also show significantly higher constitutive levels of both p53 and Nrf2 protein levels and activity , and this increases even further in response to toxins .	
Our new data reveal that naked mole-rat fibroblasts stop proliferating even at low doses of toxin whereas those mouse fibroblasts that survive treatment rapidly re-enter the cell cycle and may proliferate with DNA damage .	
RESULTS Like other experimental animal models of lifespan extension , naked mole-rat fibroblasts are extremely tolerant of a broad spectrum of cytotoxins including heat , heavy metals , DNA-damaging agents and xenobiotics , showing LD(50) values between 2- and 20-fold greater than those of fibroblasts of shorter-lived mice .	
OBJECTIVES We assess the current status of stress resistance and longevity , focusing in particular on the molecular and cellular responses to cytotoxins and other stressors between the short-lived laboratory mouse and the naked mole-rat .	
This mouse-sized mammal lives times longer than do mice and , despite high levels of oxidative damage evident at a young age , it is not only very resistant to spontaneous neoplasia but also shows minimal decline in age-associated physiological traits .	
We focus on the longest living rodent , the naked mole-rat .	
BACKGROUND Studies comparing similar-sized species with disparate longevity may elucidate novel mechanisms that abrogate aging and prolong good health .	
In addition , this study revealed autophagy-independent tumor suppressive effects of Beclin 1 in ovarian cancer cells .	82	8
Using an unbiased approach we identified human CDK6 as a novel kinase phosphorylating NF-κB p65 at serine 536 .	
Understanding how these are regulated may be also integral to sustaining positive human healthspan well into old age and may elucidate novel therapeutics for delaying the onset and progression of physiological declines that characterize the aging process .	
These pathways collectively regulate a myriad of mechanisms which may contribute to the attenuated aging profile and sustained healthspan of the naked mole-rat .	
To assess the candidacy of CD81 as a tumor suppressor in gastric cancer development , we investigated its expression and function in a series of primary gastric tumors and gastric tumor-derived cell lines .	
Its putative implication in tumorigenesis has so far , however , remained largely unexplored .	
In addition , CD81 has been suggested to be involved in a broad range of other cellular functions .	
BACKGROUND : CD81 is a transmembrane protein that serves as a putative receptor for hepatitis C virus .	
Bisulfite DNA sequencing analysis of 10 CpG sites within the 5 ' proximal region of the CD81 gene promoter revealed that the observed transcriptional silencing was tightly associated with aberrant hypermethylation .	
Genomic alterations of CD81 were not encountered , whereas its expression could be re-activated in low expressing cells upon 5-aza-dC treatment .	
RESULTS : CD81 mRNA levels were found to be low in 16 of 40 ( 40% ) primary tumors and 9 of 14 ( 64.2% ) cell lines , and these low expression levels were found to correlate with the stage and grade of the tumors .	
METHODS : The expression and concomitant methylation status of the CD81 gene and its effect on tumor development and cellular signaling were evaluated .	
The expressions of matrix metalloproteinase-2 ( MMP-2 ) , matrix metalloproteinase-9 ( MMP-9 ) , tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinase ( TIMP-1 ) , and TIMP-2 in the recurrent tumor tissue were detected using Western blot .	
Also the colony-forming ability of the tumor cells could be inhibited and enhanced through CD81 up- and down-regulation , respectively .	
Subsequent restoration of CD81 expression induced a G(1) cell cycle arrest and apoptosis , whereas siRNA-mediated CD81 down-regulation promoted cell proliferation and attenuated cellular responses to various apoptotic stress stimuli .	9	51	511	5	91	8	81
RESULTS By the end of the treatment the average recurrent tumor volume was 11.11 +/- 8.71 cm3 in the blank control group and 5.56 +/- 5.55 cm3 of the RSR group , showing statistical difference between the two groups ( P = 0.037 ) .	
Subsequently , sod3-transduced MEF cells developed co-operative p21-p16 down-regulation and acquired transformed cell characteristics such as increased telomerase activity , loss of contact inhibition , growth in low-nutrient conditions , and in vivo tumorigenesis .	51	52	5	4	511
Its effect should be comprehensively evaluated based on not only T1-Gd but also T2-weighted images and findings of other imaging techniques .	
Thus , the effect of preoperative chemotherapy in tumor tissues other than necrotic and cystic areas tended to be underestimated in T1-Gd .	
Area showing inflammatory cells infiltration and edematous areas in the tumor tissue were also enhanced .	a	a2
The degree of enhancement of the edematous area around the tumor was similar to or more marked than that of the tumor in 54% of the patients .	
The necrotic or cystic areas in the tumor were not enhanced , rendering them distinctly .	83	8
Signal intensity of the viable tumor tissue was increased in T1-Gd in 92% of the patients .	
We compared gadolinium diethylenetriaminepentaacetic acid ( Gd-DTPA ) enhanced T1-weighted images ( T1-Gd ) with the histopathological findings in 13 patients with bone or soft tissue sarcomas .	
Among these is a process called transcription-coupled repair ( TCR ) that catalyzes the removal of DNA lesions from the transcribed strand of expressed genes , often resulting in a preferential bias of damage clearance from this strand relative to its non-transcribed counterpart .	
Many different cellular pathways have evolved to protect the genome from the deleterious effects of DNA damage that result from exposure to chemical and physical agents .	
While the mechanism underlying TCR is not completely clear , it is known that its facilitation requires proteins used by other repair pathways like NER .	
Lesions subject to this type of repair include cyclobutane pyrimidine dimers that are normally repaired by nucleotide excision repair ( NER ) and thymine glycols ( TGs ) that are removed primarily by base excision repair ( BER ) .	
While there is a clear role for some NER proteins in TCR , the involvement of BER proteins is less clear .	
It is also believed that the signal for TCR is the stalled RNA polymerase that results when DNA damage prevents its translocation during transcription elongation .	
In mammalian cells , alkyladenine DNA alkyladenine glycosylase ( Aag ) is the major enzyme required for the repair of these lesions via BER , and their removal from the total genome is quite rapid .	62	6
To explore this further , we studied the removal of 7-methylguanine ( 7MeG ) and 3-methyladenine ( 3MeA ) from the dihydrofolate reductase ( dhfr ) gene of murine cell lines that vary in their repair phenotypes. 7MeG and 3MeA constitute the two principal N-methylpurines formed in DNA following exposure to methylating agents .	
The repair of 3MeA and 7MeG was examined in cells lacking Aag , NER , or both Aag and NER to determine if rapid overall repair masks TCR .	
There is no observable TCR of these lesions in specific genes in DNA repair proficient cells ; however , it is possible that the rapid repair of these adducts by BER masks any TCR .	61	62	611	6
We determined the levels and functions of p53 , nuclear factor-kappa B ( NF-B ; a key transcriptional regulator ) , and mot-2 ( a p53 inhibitor ) and their relationships in arsenite-induced transformed HELF cells by two-dimensional electrophoresis , reverse-transcriptase polymerase chain reaction , Western blot , immunofluorescence , and co-immunoprecipitation assays .	
METHODS Anchorage-independent growth assays were performed , and tumorigenicity in intact animals was assessed to confirm arsenite-induced neoplastic transformation .	
When introduced into nude mice , transformed cells were tumorigenic .	
RESULTS Exposure of HELF cells to low levels of arsenite increased their proliferation rate and anchorage-independent growth and disrupted normal contact inhibition .	5	52
We found decreased expression of NF-B repressing factor ( NKRF ; an inhibitor of NF-B-mediated gene transcription ) , increased expression of mot-2 , and increased activation of NF-B .	
We used proteomic analysis to identify proteins with altered expression between untreated and arsenite-exposed cells .	
These data provide a novel understanding of the roles of p53 gain-of-function mutations in accelerating tumor progression and metastasis through modulation of the miR-130b-ZEB1 axis .	1	12	63	6
This state appears at 120-180fs time delay in the wild type RC and even faster in H(L173)L and H(M202)L heterodimer mutants and precedes electron transfer ( ET ) to B(A) bacteriochlorophyll with absorption band at 1020nm in WT .	
Both TP and adione efficiently stimulated tumor growth and increased plasma testosterone levels , but in the presence of either 17β-HSD3 inhibitor , adione-dependent tumor growth was significantly inhibited and plasma testosterone levels reduced .	
FTC-236 cells stably expressing TRβ exhibited lower cell proliferation and migration through inhibition of β-catenin signaling pathways compared with FTC-236 without TRβ. 5'-Aza-CdR also led to suppression of tumor growth in an in vivo xenograft model using FTC-236 cells consistent with the cell-based studies .	
Ectopic expression of p53 mutants repressed the expression of miR-130b and triggered ZEB1-dependent EMT and cancer cell invasion .	11	1	63	6
Here , we report that mutant p53 exerts oncogenic functions and promotes EMT in endometrial cancer ( EC ) by directly binding to the promoter of miR-130b ( a negative regulator of ZEB1 ) and inhibiting its transcription .	
One week after switching the stimulus to adione , mice were dosed additionally with vehicle or inhibitor for a further 4 weeks .	
Survival was recorded for the late treatment group .	
In the early treatment group Sorafenib led to a dramatic decrease in tumor volume compared to the control group .	
Together , these data suggest that TP53-dependent coupling of self-renewal and senescence pathways through the DNA damage checkpoint provides a mechanism for how embryonal stem cell-like EC cells safeguard DNA integrity , genome stability and ultimately the fidelity of self-renewal .	61	42	4	6
Omeprazole produced significant dose-response effects on inhibition of multi-crypt foci ( ≥4 ) .	
Omeprazole treatment in human colon cancer cell lines HCT-116 and HCA-7 cells resulted in induction of p21waf1/cip1 and decreased the expression of anti-apoptotic proteins Bcl-2 , Bcl-XL and survivin in a dose-dependent manner .	
Rats continued on experimental diets for seven more weeks before being sacrificed .	
Colons were histopathologically evaluated for ACF .	
Complications of metastatic bone disease , including bone pain , fractures , spinal cord compression , and hypercalcaemia , are the primary cause of decline in the quality of life of patients with mRCC .	
Rats fed with 200 and 400ppm of omeprazole significantly suppressed total colonic ACF formation ( P<0.001 ) and showed significant suppression of multi-crypt foci ( P<0.05-0.001 ) .	
Omeprazole is a proton pump inhibitor , a widely used drug to treat ulcers and gastroesophageal refluxdisease .	
Results suggest targeted agents such as sunitinib may be an effective treatment for bone metastases .	1	12
Five-week-old male F344 rats were fed a control or experimental diet containing two doses of omeprazole ( 200 and 400ppm ) .	
After one week , all animals were s.c. injected with AOM ( 15mg/kg body weight , once weekly for two weeks ) .	
Prognostic value of numerous biological markers has been evaluated , with conflicting results .	
Prognosis of patients with non small cell lung cancer ( NSCLC ) remains difficult to assess , even after adjustment for pathological stage .	
Prognostic values for overall survival ( OS ) and event-free survival ( EFS ) were analyzed by the log tank test and the multivariable Cox model .	
Data of 86 patients with NSCLC treated by surgery were collected with clinical characteristics , histopathological data including tumor differentiation and status of blood and lymphatic vessel invasion and evaluation by immunohistochemistry of Rb , Bcl-2 and Ki-67 expression .	
None of the molecular markers had a significant prognostic value for either outcome .	
Using univariable analyses , pT , pN , poor differentiation or large cell subtype were associated with a poor OS , while lymphatic and/or blood vessel invasion were associated with a short EFS .	1
Interestingly , the presence of blood vascular invasion in the tumor was significantly predictive for subsequent metastatic occurrence in stages I and II .	1	12
In multivariable analyses , only stage remained of prognostic value for OS .	
This feature might , therefore , be relevant for administration of adjuvant therapy in completely resected NSCLC .	
Answers to these questions will undoubtedly lead to the development of more effective treatment and intervention regimens for clinical cases of uterine leiomyoma .	
These cells should help to advance research in understanding the molecular pathways involved in the conversion of a normal myometrial cell to a leiomyoma cell and the mechanisms responsible for the growth of uterine leiomyomas .	
Background:Sorafenib is the only drug approved for the treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma ( HCC ) .	
In addition , betaine suppressed NF-κB and Akt activation .	
The mRNA expression levels of basic fibroblast growth factor ( bFGF ) , matrix metalloproteinase-2 ( MMP-2 ) and matrix metalloproteinase-9 ( MMP-9 ) in HUVECs were decreased by betaine treatment .	9	92
After release from cell cycle arrest , senescent MEFs entered S phase but could not undergo mitosis and did not proliferate .	91	9	42	4
Also , senescent mouse embryonic fibroblasts ( MEFs ) overexpressed cyclin D1 .	91	9	42	4
Of these , nineteen patients were lost to follow-up or died from other causes that were unrelated to colorectal cancer .	
Next , we investigated whether inhibition of mTOR would prevent accumulation of cyclins and loss of mitotic competence in p21-arrested cells .	
Most cells entered mitosis and then died , either during mitotic arrest or after mitotic slippage , or underwent endoreduplication .	
When p21 was switched off , cells successfully progressed through both S phase and mitosis .	91	9
Both nutlin-3 , which inhibits mTOR in these cells , and rapamycin suppressed geroconversion during p21-induced arrest , decelerated accumulation of cyclins D1 and E and decreased replicative stress .	91	9
For example , induction of either p21 or p16 arrests the cell cycle without inhibiting mTOR , which , in turn , converts p21/p16-induced arrest into senescence ( geroconversion ) .	
When the cell cycle is arrested , even though growth-promoting pathways such as mTOR are still active , then cells senesce .	
When p21 was switched off , senescent cells ( despite their loss of proliferative potential ) progressed through S phase , and levels of cyclins D1 and E dropped .	91	9	42	4
Here we show that geroconversion is accompanied by dramatic accumulation of cyclin D1 followed by cyclin E and replicative stress .	91	9
A subcutaneous xenograft mouse model was used for in vivo efficacy.Results:The bioenergetic propensity for using glycolysis correlated with decreased sorafenib sensitivity ( R(2)=0.9067 , among sorafenib-naive cell lines ; P=0.003 , compared between Huh-7 and Huh-7 R ) .	
RESULTS There were 145 patients who had been operated for longer than five years after curative intent surgery .	
No significant effect was observed with anti-IL-6 and anti-TNF-alpha treatment .	
The results suggest that IL-1beta activity is critical for the therapeutic outcome , since its neutralisation diminished the cure rates of PDT-treated tumours .	
To evaluate the role of inflammatory cytokines regulating neutrophil activity , neutralising antibodies were given to mice before PDT treatment .	
A marked upregulation of its ligands CD11b/CD18 and CD11c/CD18 found on neutrophils associated with PDT-treated tumours supports this assumption .	
Among the adhesion molecules expressed on tumour vascular endothelium , ICAM-1 appears to be of primary importance in the invasion of neutrophils into PDT-treated tumours , because its functional blocking with monoclonal antibodies reduced the tumour cure rate .	
Tumour levels of neutrophilic myeloperoxidase ( MPO ) demonstrated not only a massive and sustained sequestration of these cells in PDT-treated tumours but also revealed their activated state evidenced by the presence of released MPO .	
In this study , we have used the mouse SCCVII squamous cell carcinoma model to investigate the activity of neutrophils in tumours treated by PDT .	
Neutrophils have become recognised as important contributors to the effectiveness of tumour eradication by photodynamic therapy ( PDT ) .	
We used methylation-specific PCR to examine the expression and promoter methylation of the THRB gene in DTC tissues .	
Further flow cytometry-based examination of neutrophils round in PDT-treated tumours revealed that these cells express MHC class II molecules , which suggests their engagement as antigen-presenting cells and involvement in the development of antitumour immune response .	a1	a
We have performed a randomized , placebo-controlled study to examine the effects of MGN-3 on innate immune system parameters in 48 multiple myeloma patients .	
AIB1 also increased the expression of another two Nrf2 targets , ABCC2 and ABCG2 , to enhance drug efflux .	
AIB1 suppressed ROS by up-regulating antioxidants such as glutathione synthetase and glutathione peroxidase , which are targets of the NF-E2-related factor 2 ( Nrf2 ) , a critical transcription factor that regulates antioxidants , detoxification enzymes , and drug efflux proteins .	a21	a2	a
AIB1 regulated the expression of Bcl-2 in CCA cells through activating the Akt pathway as well as suppressing intracellular reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) .	8	81
In addition , AIB1 enhanced the chemoresistance of CCA cells at least in part through up-regulating the expression of antiapoptotic protein Bcl-2 .	8	81
Down-regulation of AIB1 induced the G2/M arrest and decreased the expression of mitosis-promoting factors including Cyclin A , Cyclin B , and Cdk1 through suppressing the Akt pathway , which resulted in inhibiting CCA cell proliferation .	9	51	511	5	91
In this study we found that AIB1 protein was frequently overexpressed in human CCA specimens and CCA cell lines .	
However , its role in cholangiocarcinoma ( CCA ) , a chemoresistant bile duct carcinoma with a poor prognosis , remains unclear .	
Transcriptional coactivator amplified in breast cancer 1 ( AIB1 ) plays important roles in the progression of several cancers such as prostate cancer , breast cancer , and hepatocellular carcinoma .	
Experimental evidence suggests that black pepper and cardamom extracts exert pro-inflammatory and anti-inflammatory roles , respectively .	a	a2
Conversely , Th2 cytokine release by splenocytes is significantly suppressed and enhanced by black pepper and cardamom , respectively .	
Remarkably , it is evident that black pepper and cardamom extracts significantly enhance the cytotoxic activity of natural killer cells , indicating their potential anti-cancer effects .	
Consistently , nitric oxide production by macrophages is significantly augmented and reduced by black pepper and cardamom , respectively .	
Here , the potential immunomodulatory effects of black pepper and cardamom are investigated .	
Our study indicated that the DDIT4-EEF2K pathway was essential for inducing autophagy and for determining the fate of tumor cells under ER stress , and suggested that inhibiting the EEF2K-mediated autophagy can deteriorate ER stress and lead to a greater apoptotic response , thereby potentiating the efficacy of the ER stress-inducing agents against cancer .	82	81	8
Conclusion : AIB1 plays an important role in proliferation and chemoresistance of CCA through simultaneous activation of Akt and Nrf2 pathways , suggesting that AIB1 is a potential molecular target for CCA treatment .	
AIB1 served as an essential coactivator for Nrf2 activation by physically interacting with Nrf2 to enhance its transcriptional activity .	
CONCLUSIONS In this prospective study of Chinese men , higher serum levels of IGF-I did not increase the risk of lung cancer .	9	92
We report here that eukaryotic elongation factor-2 kinase ( EEF2K ) is a critical controller of the ER stress-induced autophagy and apoptosis in tumor cells .	82	81	8
Quantitatively similar increases in tumor growth were also observed by overexpression of PGC-1β and POLRMT in MDA-MB-231 cells , which are also responsible for mediating increased mitochondrial biogenesis .	
DNA oxidation lesions ( especially 8-oxo-7,8-dihydroguanine , 8-oxoG ) were measured with a modified comet assay including incubation with specific repair enzyme formamidopyrimidine DNA glycosylase ( FPG ) .	
However the molecular mechanisms of motor neuron death are multi-factorial and remain unclear .	
Our results show that using immortal HUFs as surrogates for primary HUFs in genotoxicity screening has limitations and that DNA adduct formation is the best measure of genotoxicity of the nitro-polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons tested in HUFs .	61	611	6
Interestingly , both PGC-1α and MitoNEET increased the abundance of OXPHOS protein complexes , conferred autophagy resistance under conditions of starvation and increased tumor growth by up to However , this increase in tumor growth was independent of neo-angiogenesis , as assessed by immunostaining and quantitation of vessel density using CD31 antibodies .	
Detailed primary and secondary characteristics of both TiO(2) NP dispersions in culture media were carried out before toxicological testing ; TK6 human lymphoblast cells , EUE human embryonic epithelial cells and Cos-1 monkey kidney fibroblasts were used to assess cytotoxicity ( by trypan blue exclusion , proliferation activity and plating efficiency assays ) and genotoxicity ( by the comet assay ) .	
We further showed that phosphorylation of EEF2K at Ser398 was essential for induction of autophagy , while phosphorylation of the kinase at Ser366 and Ser78 exerted an inhibitory effect on autophagy .	82	8
For this purpose , we generated MDA-MB-231 cells ( a triple-negative human breast cancer cell line ) overexpressing PGC-1α and MitoNEET , which are established molecules that drive mitochondrial biogenesis and increased mitochondrial oxidative phosphorylation ( OXPHOS ) .	
We hypothesized that ECyd-induced TIGAR downregulation was crucially involved in the antitumor activity of ECyd .	
Indeed , overexpression of TIGAR was able to rescue NPC cells from ECyd-induced growth inhibition , demonstrating a novel mechanistic action of ECyd on TIGAR .	
Here , we examined the therapeutic potential of this RNA-directed anti-metabolite in in vitro models of nasopharyngeal cancer ( NPC ) .	
In a panel of 6 NPC cell lines , ECyd effectively inhibited cellular proliferation at nM concentrations ( IC(50) : approximately 13-44nM ) .	
1-(3-C-ethynyl-beta-d-ribo-pentofuranosyl)cytosine ( ECyd ) is a ribose-modified nucleoside analog of cytidine with potent anticancer activity in several cancers .	
The main antitumor mechanism of this promising RNA-directed nucleoside anti-metabolite is efficient blockade of RNA synthesis in cancer cells .	
Unexpectedly , ECyd-induced significant downregulation of TIGAR , a newly described dual regulator of apoptosis and glycolysis .	31	3
More importantly , this novel action of ECyd on TIGAR was accompanied by marked depletion of NADPH , the major reducing power critically required for cell proliferation and survival .	
Moreover , cisplatin-resistant NPC cells were highly sensitive to ECyd ( at nM concentration ) .	
The ECyd-mediated growth inhibition was associated with G(2)/M cell cycle arrest , PARP cleavage ( a hallmark of apoptosis ) and Bcl-2 downregulation , indicating induction of apoptosis by ECyd in NPC cells .	8	81
Interestingly , as reported previously with RAS , we showed a dose-dependent response to SOD3 in vitro and in vivo involving transcriptional and non-transcriptional regulatory mechanisms .	
Innovation : SOD3 may mediate H-RasV12-induced initiation of primary cell immortalization .	a21	41	a2	4	a
Results : Based on our data , sod3 RNA interference in H-RasV12-transduced cells markedly inhibited cell growth , while sod3 over-expression in MEFs initially caused a proliferative burst followed by the activation of DNA damage checkpoints , induction of p53-p21 signal transduction , and senescence .	51	42	61	5	4	6	511
This should be informative for treatment of the significant fraction of patients whose tumors bear NF1 mutations .	63	6
In the current work , we investigated the role of extracellular superoxide dismutase ( SOD3 ) in RAS-induced senescence and immortalization in vitro and in vivo .	
DDIT4 , a stress-induced protein , was required for transducing the signal for activation of EEF2K under ER stress .	
Aims : RAS-induced tumorigenesis has been suggested to follow a three-stage model consisting of an initial RAS activation , senescence induction , and evasion of p53-dependent senescence checkpoints .	
While reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) act as second messengers in RAS-induced senescence , they are also involved in oncogenic transformation by inducing proliferation and promoting mutations .	
We genomically characterized mammary adenocarcinomas from these mice to identify cancer-causing genomic events that overlap common alterations in human breast cancer .	
Inbred Chaos3 mice exhibit high levels of genomic instability leading to mammary tumors that have tumor gene expression profiles closely resembling mature human mammary luminal cell signatures .	
Relevant mouse models are powerful for untangling this problem because such heterogeneity can be controlled .	
Identifying genomic alterations driving breast cancer is complicated by tumor diversity and genetic heterogeneity .	
These results indicate that spontaneous NF1 loss can drive breast cancer .	
Chaos3 mammary tumor cells exhibit RAS hyperactivation and increased sensitivity to RAS pathway inhibitors .	
These overlap with human CNAs including NF1 , which is deleted or mutated in 27.7% of all breast carcinomas .	63	6
Chaos3 tumors underwent recurrent copy number alterations ( CNAs ) , particularly deletion of the RAS inhibitor Neurofibromin 1 ( Nf1 ) in nearly all cases .	
CONCLUSIONS MACC1 and c-met have an important function in the differentiation , invasion , and metastasis of NSCLC .	1
The result from the Cox regression analysis showed that MACC1 expression was an independent prognostic factor for NSCLC ( P=0.026 ) .	
MACC1 also regulates c-met expression .	
BACKGROUND It has been proven that metastasis-associated in colon cancer 1 ( MACC1 ) is a new gene that is related to the invasion and metastasis of tumors .	
METHODS MACC1 and c-met expressions were detected in 103 cases of NSCLC and 40 cases of neighboring normal lung cancer tissue using immunohistochemistry .	
The aim of this study is to explore the expressions of MACC1 and hepatocyte growth factor receptor ( c-met ) , and its relationship with invasion , metastasis , and prognosis of non-small cell lung cancer ( NSCLC ) .	
MACC1 and c-met expressions were associated with poor differentiation , advanced T stages , lymph node metastasis , and advanced TNM stages ( P<0.05 ) of NSCLC , but not with sex , age , smoking , and histological classification ( P>0.05 ) .	1	12
RESULTS MACC1 and c-met expressions were significantly higher in lung cancer tissues than that in neighboring normal tissue ( P<0.001 ) .	1	12
The result from the Kaplan-Meier survival analysis showed that the five-year survival rate in patients with positive MACC1 and c-met expressions was remarkanly lower than that in patients with negative expressions ( P<0.05 ) .	
In addition , a positive correlation between MACC1 and c-met expressions was observed ( r=0.403 , P<0.001 ) .	
Here , we explored feedback mechanisms that control the maintenance and termination of checkpoint function by computationally identifying an evolutionary conserved mitotic phosphorylation network within the DNA damage response .	
While activation of DNA damage checkpoints has been studied extensively , molecular mechanisms involved in sustaining and ultimately inactivating cell cycle checkpoints are largely unknown .	
The ability to survive genotoxic insults depends not only on the initiation of cell cycle checkpoints but also on checkpoint maintenance .	
DNA damage checkpoints arrest cell cycle progression to facilitate DNA repair .	
Thus , a mitotic kinase-mediated negative feedback loop regulates the ATM-Chk2 branch of the DNA damage signaling network by phosphorylating conserved sites in 53BP1 and Chk2 to inactivate checkpoint signaling and control checkpoint duration .	511	5	51
Importantly , we show that Plk1 also phosphorylates the 53BP1-binding checkpoint kinase Chk2 to inactivate its FHA domain and inhibit its kinase activity in mammalian cells .	511	5	51
We show that Plk1 binds 53BP1 during mitosis and that this interaction is required for proper inactivation of the DNA damage checkpoint. 53BP1 mutants that are unable to bind Plk1 fail to restart the cell cycle after ionizing radiation-mediated cell cycle arrest .	
We demonstrate that the non-enzymatic checkpoint adaptor protein 53BP1 is an in vivo target of the cell cycle kinases Cyclin-dependent kinase-1 and Polo-like kinase-1 ( Plk1 ) .	
Interestingly , blocking of the apoptotic pathway , by Z-VAD-FMK , in p21(-/-) HCT116 cells following treatment with 20 nm CPT did not permit the cells to develop properties of senescence .	8	81	42	4
These observations demonstrated that p21 was required for senescence development of HCT116 cells following treatment with low concentrations of CPT .	42	4
In contrast , treatment with a low concentration ( 20 nm ) of CPT induced cell cycle arrest and senescence of the wt HCT116 cells , but apoptosis of the p53(-/-) HCT116 and p21(-/-) HCT116 cells .	42	9	4	91	8	81
Further investigations indicated that p53-dependent expression of p21 blocked apoptosis of wt HCT116 cells treated with 20 nm , but not 250 nm CPT .	8	81
Treatment of cells with the anti-cancer drug camptothecin ( CPT ) induces topoisomerase I ( Top1)-mediated DNA damage , which in turn affects cell proliferation and survival .	
In this report , we demonstrate that treatment of the wild-type HCT116 ( wt HCT116 ) human colon cancer cell line and the isogenic p53(-/-) HCT116 and p21(-/-) HCT116 cell lines with a high concentration ( 250 nm ) of CPT resulted in apoptosis , indicating that apoptosis occurred by a p53- and p21-independent mechanism .	8	81
Our results show that inactivating mutations in Notch1 and Nsd1 , among others , may have an important role in skin carcinogenesis .	63	6
Transgenic mice bearing multiple copies of a mutagenic Sleeping Beauty transposon T2Onc2 and expressing the SB11 transposase under the transcriptional control of regulatory elements from the keratin K5 promoter were treated with TPA , either in wild-type or Ha-ras mutated backgrounds .	
We have used the Sleeping Beauty transposon/transposase system to identify somatic mutations associated with NMSC .	
A hypothetical metabolic scheme to explain these results and to show how extracellular AMP may influence carbohydrate metabolism and cell proliferation is presented .	
NAD concentrations fell drastically because of the known inhibition of P-ribose-PP synthesis through heightened intracellular AMP levels .	
We observed alterations in the expression levels of some of these genes in human tumors .	
Genetic analysis of the transposon integration sites in the tumors identified several genes recurrently mutated in different tumor samples , which may represent novel candidate cancer genes .	
Transposon/transposase animals also developed basal cell carcinomas .	
After several weeks of treatment , mice with transposition developed more malignant tumors with decreased latency compared with control mice .	
Here we examined DNA damage , p53 activity and apoptosis in SH-SY5Y human neuroblastoma cells transfected to achieve low-level expression of either wild-type or mutant Gly(93)-->Ala ( G93A ) SOD1 , typical of FALS .	
A comparison of cellular characteristics with corresponding DNA methylation changes in different clones suggested that the loss of contact inhibition and the gain of anchorage independency were associated with increases of methylation in many genes , whereas the acquisition of tumorigenicity was often accompanied by a decrease of methylation in the N-myc and c-myc genes .	5	52
Resultant data indicate that the alteration of DNA methylation is closely related to transformation process , yet how this involvement occurs is complex and remains unclear .	
To assess the importance of changes in DNA methylation in an X-ray-induced cellular transformation process , methylation patterns of five nuclear protooncogenes in fifteen transformant clones were studied and compared to that of the parental non-transformed cell line m5S/1M .	
All transformants examined revealed an alteration in DNA methylation in some of the genes , although these changes were variable among them .	
We identified several miR-34a target genes , including Arhgap1 , which encodes a RHO GTPase activating protein that was required for tumor cell invasion .	11	1
These findings demonstrate that ZEB1 drives prometastatic actin cytoskeletal remodeling by downregulating miR-34a expression and provide a compelling rationale to develop miR-34a as a therapeutic agent in lung cancer patients .	
Transcriptional profiling studies revealed that ZEB1 controls the expression of numerous oncogenic and tumor-suppressive miRs , including miR-34a .	
Ectopic expression of miR-34a decreased tumor cell invasion and metastasis , inhibited the formation of promigratory cytoskeletal structures , suppressed activation of the RHO GTPase family , and regulated a gene expression signature enriched in cytoskeletal functions and predictive of outcome in human lung adenocarcinomas .	1
Given that each miR can target multiple genes with diverse functions , we posited that the prometastatic network controlled by ZEB1 extends beyond these processes .	
We tested this hypothesis using a mouse model of human lung adenocarcinoma metastasis driven by ZEB1 , human lung carcinoma cells , and human breast carcinoma cells .	
Metastatic cancer is extremely difficult to treat , and the presence of metastases greatly reduces a cancer patient's likelihood of long-term survival .	
The ZEB1 transcriptional repressor promotes metastasis through downregulation of microRNAs ( miRs ) that are strong inducers of epithelial differentiation and inhibitors of stem cell factors .	
The ability of p53 to alter , at the transcriptional level , the gene expression of downstream targets is critical for its role as a tumor suppressor .	
Most models of p53 activation postulate the stepwise recruitment by p53 of coactivators , histone acetyltransferases , and/or chromatin remodeling factors to a promoter region to facilitate the subsequent access of the general transcriptional machinery required for transcriptional induction .	
We demonstrate here , however , that the promoter regions for the p53 target genes , p21 , 14-3-3sigma , and KARP-1 , exist in a constitutively open conformation that is readily accessible to DNase I. This conformation was not altered by DNA damage or by whether p53 was present or absent in the cell .	61	6
In contrast , p53 response elements , which resided outside the immediate promoter regions , existed within DNase I-resistant chromatin domains .	
Thus , p53 activation of downstream target genes occurs without p53 inducing chromatin alterations detectable by DNase I accessibility at either the promoter or the response element .	
As such , these data support models of p53 activation that do not require extensive chromatin alterations to support cognate gene expression .	
We explored the association between TP53 mutational status and expression of some genes involved in the canonical TGF-\u03b2 signaling pathway ( the most potent EMT inducer ) and in two early EMT associated events : loss of cell polarity and acquisition of stemness-associated features .	
Altered p53 protein is prevalently associated with the pathologic class of triple-negative breast cancers and loss of p53 function has recently been linked to the induction of an epithelial-mesenchymal transition ( EMT ) and acquisition of stemness properties .	
Familial medullary thyroid carcinoma ( FMTC ) is characterized by the presence of medullary thyroid carcinoma alone in family members and is considered to be one of the subtypes of MEN2 .	
Multiple endocrine neoplasia type 2 ( MEN2 ) is an autosomal , dominantly inherited disease characterized by medullary thyroid carcinoma , pheochromocytoma , and primary hyperparathyroidism and is divided into types 2A and 2B .	
The diagnosis was MEN2A in 343 ( 67.9% ) patients , MEN2B in 29 ( 5.7% ) , FMTC in 103 ( 20.4% ) , and unclassified in 30 ( 5.9% ) .	
Clinical and genetic data on 505 Japanese patients from 275 MEN2 or FMTC families registered at 54 medical institutions were collected by the MEN Consortium of Japan .	
RET genetic testing was performed in 410 patients , and the germline RET mutation was found in 98.8% ( 397/402 ) .	63	6
Statistical analysis indicated that mutant p53 tumors ( especially those harboring a severe mutation ) were consistent with the aggressive class of triple-negative cancers and that , differently from cell cultures , surgical tumors underexpressed some TGF-\u03b2 related transcription factors known as involved in EMT ( ID1 , ID4 , SMAD3 , SMAD4 , SMAD5 , ZEB1 ) .	11	1	63	6	9	92
We used a publicly accessible microarray dataset consisting of 251 p53-sequenced primary breast cancers .	
CONCLUSION Increased expression of NF-κB RelA and high levels of serum SAA were associated with poor OS in gastric cancer patients .	
The method is about 250 times more sensitive than the Southern blot-based method and the reproducibility is excellent , with an intraday coefficient of variance ( CV ) of 5-9% and an interday CV of 4-12% .	
RPP ( 10 mg/L ) affected angiogenesis by reducing migration and sprouting of EC , attenuated the formation of new blood vessels , and decreased the differentiation of embryonic stem cells into CD31-positive cells .	
CONCLUSION The PCR-based assay developed in this study can be used for the selection of cancer patients more likely to benefit from therapeutic treatment with alkylating drugs .	
The study characterizes EGME as a human teratogen , as indicated by the prevalence of characteristic dysmorphic features and persistent cytogenetic damage in individuals exposed in utero to this chemical .	61	6
Persistent cytogenetic damage was observed exclusively in all 6 in-utero-exposed offspring , but not in their 12 match non-in-utero-exposed controls .	61	6
In the current article , the authors tested the hypothesis that human in utero exposure to ethylene glycol monomethyl ether ( EGME ) is associated with the development of specific congenital anomalies and elevated levels of chromosome aberrations .	
Glycol ethers are known reproductive and developmental toxins in laboratory animals , but little is known about their genotoxic effects in humans .	
Six offspring of 5 women who were occupationally exposed to EGME during pregnancy exhibited characteristic dysmorphic features that were not observed in 35 offspring of 23 women who worked in the same facility , but who were not pregnant at the time of exposure .	
The authors conducted a clinical and cytogenetic evaluation of 41 offspring of 28 females occupationally exposed to EGME for an average duration of 4.6 yr .	
Since similar changes were not observed in patients receiving chemotherapy alone , this is the first study to provide evidence for prolonged WBH-CT-induced activation of human T cells .	2	21
Elevated intracellular concentrations of interferon-gamma ( IFN-gamma ) and/or TNF-alpha in CD8+ T cells were found in 4 out of 5 patients at 24 h post-WBH-CT .	2	21
As an additional marker for T cell activation , serum levels of sIL-2R increased markedly ( P<0.01 ) , reaching maximum levels at the same point in time .	
Increased Snail expression induces EMT and the CSC-like phenotype in CRC cells , which enhance cancer cell invasion and chemoresistance .	11	1
The cytotoxicity of these combinations correlates with the activation of the ataxia telangiectasia mutated-CHK2 pathway , phosphorylation of KRAB-associated protein-1 , epigenetic changes such as methylation and acetylation of histone 3 , and activation of apoptosis .	
The relevance of epigenetic changes is further shown by the induction of DNA methyltransferases in tumor cells with low constitutive levels of DNMT3A and DNMT3B .	
Their combination resulted in 50% inhibition of proliferation .	
Reduction to almost half concentration ( 20 μM B , 0.7 μM M and 0.01 μM G ) did not have significant effects , but addition of the histone deacetylase inhibitor suberoylanilide hydroxamic acid ( 0.6 μM ) to this combination resulted in a marked ( growth inhibition .	
Cells were exposed to drugs individually or in combination and analyzed by the MTT proliferation assay , flow cytometry , and Western blotting .	
We used drug concentrations ( 57 μM B , 1 μM M and 0.02 μM G ) , which individually did not have major effects on cell proliferation .	
Hematopoietic stem cell transplantation is used for treatment of lymphoma .	
In an attempt to design an efficacious and safe prehematopoietic stem cell transplantation conditioning regimen , we investigated the cytotoxicity of the combination of busulfan ( B ) , melphalan ( M ) , and gemcitabine ( G ) in lymphoma cell lines in the absence or presence of drugs that induce epigenetic changes .	
The addition of 5-aza-2'-deoxycytidine to ( BMG+suberoylanilide hydroxamic acid ) further enhances cell killing .	
Overall , BMG combinations are synergistically cytotoxic to lymphoma cells .	
Tumor formation in thymi and spleens of v-cyclin transgenic mice correlated with increased levels of p65 Ser536 phosphorylation , increased expression of CDK6 and upregulaton of the NF-κB target cyclin D3 .	
Merlin regulates contact inhibition of growth and controls the availability of growth factor receptors at the cell surface .	
We show that the apoptotic H2AX response does not recruit the DDR factors because MDC1 ( mediator of DNA damage checkpoint protein 1 ) , which normally binds to γ-H2AX in response to DNA damage and amplifies the DDR , is cleaved by caspase-3 .	61	81	8	6
In contrast , COTE1 knockdown via RNAi markedly suppressed these phenotypes , as documented in LM3 and MHCC-H HCC cells .	
Recently , we identified the " apoptotic ring, " containing phosphorylated histone H2AX ( γ-H2AX ) , as an early chromatin modification during apoptosis .	
Because γ-H2AX initiates the DNA damage response ( DDR ) , we tested whether the apoptotic H2AX response leads to the full recruitment of the DDR factors that normally coordinate DNA repair and cell-cycle checkpoints .	
Also , we show that downregulation of MDC1 increases the apoptotic response to TRAIL .	8	81
Overexpression of COTE1 enhanced HCC-derived LM6 and MHCC-L cellular invasion in vitro .	11	1
Taken together , our data suggest loss of merlin results in the Rac-dependent decrease of anterograde trafficking of exocytic vesicles , representing a possible mechanism controlling the concentration of growth factor receptors at the cell surface .	9	93
COTE1 may be closely correlated with invasion of hepatocellular carcinoma ( HCC ) cells and thus may serve as an effective target for gene therapy .	11	1
Vesicle motility assays in isolated squid axoplasm further demonstrated that both mutant merlin and active Rac specifically reduce anterograde microtubule-based transport of vesicles dependent upon the activity of p38(SAPK) kinase .	
Significantly , the fungal challenge had pro-metastatic effects without the C. albicans being able to reach the liver , suggesting that soluble factors can promote metastasis in remote sites .	1	12
In these mice , C. albicans also potentiated the growth of established micro-metastases .	1	12
Mechanistic analyses indicated that COTE1 could physically associate with WW domain oxidoreductase ( WWOX ) , a tumor suppressor .	
Conversely , an activated Rac mutant decreased Rab6 vesicle velocity .	
C. albicans infection involves endogenous production of inflammatory cytokines such as tumour necrosis factor alpha ( TNF-alpha ) and interleukin-18 ( IL-18 ) .	
In addition , invasion of HCC cells was observed after overexpressing or silencing COTE1 .	11	1
In this study , a well-established model of IL-18-dependent hepatic melanoma metastasis was used to study whether C. albicans can alter the ability of murine B16 melanoma ( B16M ) cells to colonize the liver .	
In Nf2-/- mouse Schwann ( SC4 ) cells , re-expression of merlin as well as inhibition of Rac or its effector kinases , MLK and p38(SAPK) , each increased the velocity of Rab6 positive exocytic vesicles .	
We demonstrated that C. albicans significantly increased metastasis of B16M cells with all three fungal injection routes .	1	12
First , we determined the ability of intrasplenically ( IS ) injected B16M cells to metastasize into the liver of mice challenged with 5 x 10(4) C. albicans cells by three different routes ( intravenous , IV ; intrasplenic , IS ; or intraperitoneal , IP ) 12 h prior to injection of B16M cells .	
In a second set of experiments , mice were fungal challenged 4 days after injection of B16M cells .	
Family with sequence similarity 189 , member B ( FAM189B ) , alias COTE1 , a putative oncogene selected by microarray , for the first time was here found to be significantly up-regulated in hepatocellular carcinoma ( HCC ) specimens and HCC cell lines. mRNA expression of COTE1 in HCC samples and cell lines was detected by reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction ( RT-PCR ) and real-time PCR , while protein expression of COTE1 in HCC tissues was assessed by immunohistochemistry .	
In HCC cell lines , COTE1 expression was significantly higher than in normal human adult liver ( p<0.01 ) .	
In the total of 48 paired HCC specimens , compared with the adjacent non-cancer tissues , the expression of COTE1 was up-regulated in 31 ( p<0.01 ) .	
Nuclear factor kappa-B ( NF-κB ) activates multiple genes with overlapping roles in cell proliferation , inflammation and cancer .	
Expression of BGLF4 did not compensate Cdk1 defects for DNA replication in S. cerevisiae .	
Using time-lapse microscopy , we found the fate of individual HeLa cells was determined by the expression level of BGLF4 .	
In addition to slight cell growth retardation , BGLF4 elicits abnormal chromosomal structure and micronucleus formation in 293 and NCP-TW01 cells .	6
In Saos-2 cells , BGLF4 induced the hyperphosphorylation of co-transfected RB , while E2F1 was not released from RB-E2F1 complexes .	
Epstein-Barr virus ( EBV ) induces an uncoordinated S-phase-like cellular environment coupled with multiple prophase-like events in cells replicating the virus .	
The EBV encoded Ser/Thr kinase BGLF4 has been shown to induce premature chromosome condensation through activation of condensin and topoisomerase II and reorganization of the nuclear lamina to facilitate the nuclear egress of nucleocapsids in a pathway mimicking Cdk1 .	
However , the observation that RB is hyperphosphorylated in the presence of BGLF4 raised the possibility that BGLF4 may have a Cdk2-like activity to promote S-phase progression .	
Here , we investigated the regulatory effects of BGLF4 on cell cycle progression and found that S-phase progression and DNA synthesis were interrupted by BGLF4 in mammalian cells .	
The E2F1 regulated activities of the cyclin D1 and ZBRK1 promoters were suppressed by BGLF4 in a dose dependent manner .	
Detection with phosphoamino acid specific antibodies revealed that , in addition to Ser780 , phosphorylation of the DNA damage-responsive Ser612 on RB was enhanced by BGLF4 .	
Here , we investigated the effects of reversine on p53-deficient vs p53-proficient cancer cells .	
Reversine is a small synthetic molecule that inhibits multiple mitotic kinases , including MPS1 as well as Aurora kinase A and B ( AURKA and AURKB ) .	
In sharp contrast , high doses ( �M ) of reversine induced hyperploidization and apoptosis to a much larger extent in TP53 ( -/- ) than in TP53 ( +/+ ) cells .	
We found that low doses ( �M ) of reversine , which selectively inhibit MPS1 and hence impair the spindle assembly checkpoint , kill human TP53 ( -/- ) colon carcinoma cells less efficiently than their wild-type counterparts .	
Videomicroscopy-based cell fate profiling revealed that , in response to high-dose reversine , TP53 ( -/- ) ( but not TP53 ( +/+ ) ) cells undergo several consecutive rounds of abortive mitosis , resulting in the generation of hyperpolyploid cells that are prone to succumb to apoptosis upon the activation of mitotic catastrophe .	
Such a selective cytotoxicity could not be reproduced by the knockdown of MPS1 , AURKA and AURKB , neither alone nor in combination , suggesting that it involves multiple ( rather than a few ) molecular targets of reversine .	
Moreover , the knockdown of BAX or APAF-1 , as well as the chemical inhibition of caspases , limited the death of TP53 ( -/- ) cells in response to high-dose reversine .	
In line with this notion , the depletion of anti-apoptotic proteins of the BCL-2 family sensitized TP53 ( -/- ) cells to the toxic effects of high-dose reversine .	
Altogether , these results suggest that p53-deficient cells are particularly sensitive to the simultaneous inhibition of multiple kinases , including MPS1 , as it occurs in response to high-dose reversine .	
A significant positive correlation was also detected between LVD and the presence of lymph node metastases , gender , age , and diameter of the lymph node ( if involved ) , as well as histologic grade .	1	12
CONCLUSIONS The results are suggestive of important roles that MMP-2 , MMP-10 , TIMP-2 , and podoplanin play in pathologic processes of OSCC , including invasion .	11	1
The expression of MMP-2 was significantly correlated with histologic grade .	
The expression of podoplanin was positively correlated with gender and negatively correlated with tumor size .	
STUDY DESIGN Forty cases of OSCC were analyzed by immunohistochemistry .	
Antiestrogens at 1 nM also induced phosphorylation of the MAPK/ERK and activated the Cyclin D1 promoter activity through the Src/EGFR/STAT5 pathways but not at 5 �M .	91	921	92	9
OBJECTIVES The aim of this study was to immunohistochemically evaluate the expression of matrix metalloproteinase ( MMP)-1 , MMP- 2 , tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinase ( TIMP)-1 , TIMP-2 , and podoplanin in oral squamous cell carcinoma ( OSCC ) .	
Immunohistochemical staining of podoplanin-positive lymphatic vessel density ( LVD ) was also assessed .	
Conclusions : Cimetidine can alleviate systematic immunosuppression and improve the local immune function of the colorectal cancer patients in the perioperative period .	2	22
Antiestrogens at l nM induced the phosphorylation of the Src-Y416 residue , an event to activate Src , while at 5 �M induced Src-Y527 phosphorylation that inactivates Src .	
Our findings also suggest that LVD may play a role in lymphatic metastasis and tumor progression .	1	12
Our results thus indicated that ER-α36 mediates biphasic antiestrogen signaling in the ER-negative breast cancer cells and Src functions as a switch of antiestrogen signaling dependent on concentrations of antiestrogens through the EGFR/STAT5 pathway .	9	93
The inhibitory effect of G129R was absent when CAFs were physically separated from mouse tumor epithelial cells using a transwell system , or when CAFs were replaced with normal fibroblasts in direct co-culture with human or mouse tumor epithelial cells .	
Purified and reconstituted CDK6/cyclin complexes phosphorylated p65 in vitro and in transfected cells .	
Knock-down of ER-α36 abrogated the biphasic antiestrogen signaling in these cells .	9	93
The addition of PRL , as expected , induced p-Neu in both the tumor chunk and co-culture models .	
EEAR significantly induced G2/M cell cycle arrest and apoptosis in HCT-116 cells .	9	51	511	5	91	8	81
Decreased ASPP2 levels attenuated H-RasV12-induced senescence in normal human fibroblasts and neonatal human epidermal keratinocytes .	42	4
The effects of TCuIUD extracts on viability , morphology , apoptosis and cell cycle assay on L929 mouse fibroblasts cells , were appropriate for their respective Cu ion concentrations .	
Thus , a concentration of about 46 \u03bcg/ml ( \u03bcM ) was identified as the LD50 dose for L929 mouse fibroblasts when exposed for 24 h based on our MTT cell viability assay .	
Cell cycle analysis indicated the arrest of cell division for the tested 25 to 50 \u03bcg/ml Cu ion treatments .	
Among the TCuIUDs , TCu220C having 265 mm(2) Cu surface area released 9.08 ± 0.16 and 26.02 ± 0.25 \u03bcg/ml , while TCu380A having 400 mm(2) released 96.7 ± 0.11 and 159.3 ± 0.15 \u03bcg/ml respectively following 24 and 72 h extractions .	
The burst release of lethal concentration of Cu ions from TCu380A , especially at the implant site , is a cause of concern , and it is advisable to use TCuIUD designs that release Cu ions within cytotoxic limits yet therapeutic , similar to TCu220C .	
Myxoid leiomyosarcoma is an extremely rare variant of leiomyosarcoma , masquerading almost to perfection as a benign lesion .	
For , indeed , the tumor lacks the defining features of high mitotic activity , cellular atypia or necrosis , and the microscopic picture is dominated by abundant myxoid stroma containing sparse spindle cells .	83	8
We report here such a case occurring in the uterus and discuss the differential diagnosis .	
The relevant literature is reviewed .	
5-Thyminyl-5,6-dihydrothymine ( also called spore photoproduct or SP ) is the exclusive DNA photodamage product in bacterial endospores .	
It is repaired by a radical SAM ( S-adenosylmethionine ) enzyme , the spore photoproduct lyase ( SPL ) , at the bacterial early germination phase .	
Our previous studies proved that SPL utilizes the 5'-dA\u2022 generated by the SAM cleavage reaction to abstract the H(6proR) atom to initiate the SP repair process .	
The resulting thymine allylic radical was suggested to take an H atom from an unknown protein source , most likely cysteine 141 .	
Moreover , because of the lack of this intrinsic H donor , the C141A mutant produces TpT via an unprecedented thymine cation radical reduction ( proton-coupled electron transfer ) process , contrasting to the H atom transfer mechanism in the wild-type ( WT ) SPL reaction .	
The C141A mutant repairs SP at a rate that is slower than that of the WT enzyme .	
There was an increase in both the mutant frequency and the number of G:C/T:A transversions in p53 treated with BPQ in ogg1 yeast but not in apn1 yeast .	63	6
In the patients with CHPP , the incidences of respiratory failure and renal failure were each statistically greater than in the patients undergoing CHPP .	
Therapeutic CHPP ( T-CHPP ) was performed in 21 patients with peritoneal dissemination , and 52 patients without CHPP were a control group .	
Prophylactic CHPP ( P-CHPP ) was performed in 45 patients who had macroscopic serosal invasion without peritoneal dissemination , and 79 patients without CHPP were a control group .	
A total 124 patients with advanced gastric cancer were enrolled in this study .	
We investigated the effectiveness of continuous hyperthermic peritoneal perfusion ( CHPP ) for the peritoneal dissemination of gastric cancer .	
Univariate analysis showed that degree of peritoneal dissemination and adjuvant chemotherapy influenced prognosis , and the Cox proportional regression hazard model showed that the macroscopic types and degree of peritoneal dissemination affected prognosis .	
There was no significant difference in 5-year survival between patients treated and not treated with T-CHPP .	
Univariate analysis showed that location of tumor , tumor diameter , and lymph node metastasis influenced prognosis , but there was no prognostic factor in the Cox proportional regression hazard model .	1	12
There was no significant difference in 5 year survival between patients treated and not treated with P-CHPP .	
BACKGROUND Glioblastoma is the most common and most aggressive form of malignant glioma and is very difficult to treat .	
Currently , there are no satisfactory biomarkers available to screen for nasopharyngeal carcinoma ( NPC ) .	
Since constitutive activation of nuclear factor-κB ( NF-κB ) is necessary for tumour progression , NF-κB may be an important pharmacological target for this disease .	
Our study aimed to evaluate the antitumour effects of parthenolide , a NF-κB inhibitor , in two human glioblastoma cell lines ( U87MG and U373 ) and in glioblastoma xenografts .	
Furthermore , we aimed to investigate the molecular mechanisms underlying these effects .	
METHODS The anti-invasive and anti-angiogenic effects of parthenolide were analysed using in vitro invasion and angiogenesis assays .	
Parthenolide-induced growth inhibition of glioblastoma cells in vitro was determined using the MTT ( methyl thiazolyl tetrazolium ) assay .	
Nitric oxide ( NO ) , produced by inducible nitric oxide synthase ( iNOS ) , has been suggested to cause nitrative and oxidative stress , leading to the accumulation of 8-nitroguanine ( 8-NitroG ) and 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine ( 8-OHdG ) and the subsequent transversion mutation of DNA .	
RESULTS We found that parthenolide suppresses proliferation , invasion , and tumour- induced angiogenesis of glioblastoma cells .	11	71	1	7	9
Molecular studies demonstrated that parthenolide suppresses gene and protein expression of angiogenic factors .	71	7	711
The aim of this study was to evaluate iNOS expression and the status of nitrative and oxidative stress in NPC .	
Fifty-nine cases of NPC and 39 cases of chronic nasopharyngitis were investigated to examine the expression of iNOS and the formation of 8-NitroG and 8-OHdG , using double-immunofluorescent staining .	
The noticeable decrease of mammary tumor frequency and incidence in rats after simvastatin treatment was accompanied with antiapoptotic Blc-2 protein decrease and proapoptotic Bax protein increase in this experiment .	8	81
We recommend that Paridae , Remizidae and Stenostiridae are not included in Sylvioidea .	
Thus like Bfa1 , Bub2 protein is also controlled both during mitotic exit and in response to cell cycle checkpoints .	511	5	51
Bub2 phosphorylation is likely to be controlled by a novel kinase .	
In treated animals ( simvastatin 180 mg/kg ) , significant decrease by 12% in Bcl-2 protein expression and non-significant decrease by 27% of Ki67 protein expression in tumor cells compared to tumor cells in control animals were observed after semiquantitative evaluation .	
The statistical differences in immunoreactivities were analyzed using the Mann-Whitney test .	
In high grade control carcinoma cells , the expression of Ki67 increased by 37% ( non-significantly ) in comparison with control low grade carcinomas .	
A histomorphological analysis of malignant tumors has revealed a shift from high grade to low grade carcinomas after simvastatin treatment .	
The results of experimental studies have indicated the pleiotropic effects of statins in organism , e.g. the influence on cell cycle , apoptosis or angiogenesis .	
In this study , the effects of simvastatin on selected parameters of apoptosis and proliferation in chemocarcinogen-induced mammary tumorigenesis in female rats were determined .	
Simvastatin was administered dietary at a dose of 18 mg/kg and highly effective dose of 180 mg/kg the entire experiment ( 18 weeks ) .	
Thirty-six patients from the 57 cases of NPC and 36 healthy controls were investigated to examine the level of serum 8-OHdG , using enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay ( ELISA ) .	
The statistical differences were analyzed using a t test .	
Strong DNA lesions were observed in the cancer cells of NPC patients .	61	6
Aging also altered sleep ( e.g. , bout length and amount of daytime sleep ) and the amount of wheel running and cage activity .	
In conclusion , the APPxPS1 knock-in mice exhibit some alterations in their sleep:wake rhythm and clock gene expression , but do not show robust , genotype-related changes in activity rhythms .	
The prominent daytime activity peaks shown by the background strain complicate the use of these APPxPS1 knock-in mice for investigations of circadian activity rhythms in AD .	
In addition to this unusual activity pattern , lack of hyperactivity differentiates the APPxPS1 knock-in mice from other transgenic AD models .	
Gpx2 and Yc2 significantly increased in the groups given 0.06% BNF or more and 0.25% BNF , respectively .	
RESULTS Chronic alcohol ingestion amplified age-related degenerative changes in hepatocytes , but did not cause appreciable liver inflammation or fibrosis even after 18months of heavy drinking .	a	a2
HH signaling was also enhanced by alcohol exposure , as evidenced by increased levels of mRNAs encoding HH ligands , HH-regulated transcription factors , and HH target genes .	
Hepatocarcinogenesis increases with age and is enhanced by factors that impose a demand for liver regeneration .	
Because alcohol is hepatotoxic , habitual alcohol ingestion evokes a recurrent demand for hepatic regeneration .	
BACKGROUND Alcohol consumption promotes hepatocellular carcinoma ( HCC ) .	
The responsible mechanisms are not well understood .	
METHODS Herein , we used quantitative real-time PCR and quantitative immunocytochemistry to compare liver tissues from alcohol-consuming P rats and water-fed P rat controls after 6 , 12 , or 18months of drinking .	
We aimed to identify potential mechanisms that might underlie the differences in liver cancer formation and hypothesized that chronic alcohol ingestion would activate Hedgehog ( HH ) , a regenerative signaling pathway that is overactivated in HCC .	
The alcohol-preferring ( P ) rat model mimics the level of alcohol consumption by humans who habitually abuse alcohol .	
Previously , we showed that habitual heavy alcohol ingestion amplified age-related hepatocarcinogenesis in P rats , with over 80% of alcohol-consuming P rats developing HCCs after 18months of alcohol exposure , compared with only 5% of water-drinking controls .	
Ginseng also reduced mRNA levels of angiogenic factors ( e.g. , VEGF-A and FGF-2 ) and MMPs ( e.g. , MMP-2 and MMP-9 ) , whereas it increased mRNA levels of angiogenic inhibitors ( e.g. , TSP-1 , TIMP-1 , and TIMP-2 ) in adipose tissues .	71	7	711
These results demonstrate that ginseng effectively reduces adipose tissue mass and prevents obesity in diet-induced obese mice and that this process may be mediated in part through the anti-angiogenic actions of ginseng .	71	7	711
Administering ginseng to HFD-induced obese mice produced reductions in body weight and adipose tissue mass compared with untreated counterparts .	
Ginseng treatment decreased blood vessel density and MMP activity in adipose tissues .	7	71
Wild-type C57BL/6J mice were fed for 8 weeks with a low fat diet , a high fat diet ( HFD ) , or HFD supplemented with 0.5% or 5% Korean red ginseng extract .	
We measured body weight , adipose tissue mass , food intake , MMP activity , and the expression of genes involved in angiogenesis and MMPs .	
Therefore , the results not only highlight the potential application of AUY922 for the treatment of KIT-expressing GISTs , but also provide the first evidence for the involvement of autophagy in endogenous and HSP90AA1 inhibitor-induced KIT degradation .	82	8
The involvement of autophagy in endogenous and AUY922-induced KIT protein turnover was further confirmed by the colocalization of KIT with MAP1LC3B- , acridine orange- or SQSTM1-labeled autophagosome , and by the accumulation of KIT in GIST cells by silencing either BECN1 or ATG5 to disrupt autophagosome activity .	82	8
The blockade of autophagy alone led to the accumulation of the KIT protein , highlighting the role of autophagy in endogenous KIT turnover .	82	8
Surprisingly , AUY922-induced KIT reduction could be partially reversed by pharmacological inhibition of either autophagy or proteasome degradation pathway .	82	8
No alteration was found in XP squamous cell carcinomas , indicating the involvement of smoothened specifically in the development of BCC .	
In this study , we demonstrated that NVP-AUY922 ( AUY922 ) , a new class of HSP90AA1 inhibitor , is effective in inhibiting the growth of GIST cells expressing mutant KIT protein , the imatinib-sensitive GIST882 and imatinib-resistant GIST48 cells .	
To elucidate the role of UV in the deregulation of the SHH pathway , we analyzed for alterations of smoothened , a transmembrane signaling component regulated by patched , in BCCs and squamous cell carcinomas from UV hypersensitive XP patients .	
We find UV-specific smoothened mutations in 30% of XP BCCs , three times higher than those in sporadic Caucasian BCCs , confirming the high rate of UV-induced mutations in DNA repair-deficient XP patients .	62	63	6
The Sonic hedgehog ( SHH ) pathway is implicated in the etiology of the most common human cancer in Caucasians , the basal cell carcinoma ( BCC ) .	
Mutations in the receptor of SHH , the patched gene , have been characterized in sporadic BCCs as well as those from patients with the rare genetic syndromes nevoid BCC and xeroderma pigmentosum ( XP ) .	
We describe a novel mechanistic role of MSPCs as oxygen sensors promoting vasculogenesis thus underscoring their importance for the development of advanced cellular therapies .	
Results demonstrate that ECFCs require HIF-competent vessel wall progenitors to initiate vasculogenesis in vivo and to bypass hypoxia-induced apoptosis .	8	81	7	71
Hypoxic ECFCs showed reduced function in vitro and underwent apoptosis within 24h in vivo when used without MSPCs .	8	81
Mesenchymal stem/progenitor cells ( MSPCs ) accumulated nuclear hypoxia-inducible transcription factor ( HIF)-1α earlier and more sensitively than endothelial colony forming progenitor cells ( ECFCs ) in vitro and in vivo .	
We have developed a humanized mouse model of endothelial and mesenchymal progenitor co-transplantation to delineate the cellular compartments responsible for hypoxia response during vasculogenesis .	
Despite insights into the molecular pathways regulating hypoxia-induced gene expression , it is not known which cell types accomplish oxygen sensing during neo-vasculogenesis .	
Several angiogenic factors need to act in concert to partially substitute mesenchymal HIF-deficiency .	71	7	711
ECFCs could be rescued from hypoxia-induced apoptosis by HIF-competent MSPCs resulting in the formation of patent perfused human vessels .	8	81
HIF deletion in ECFCs caused no effect .	
Surprisingly , only in MSPCs did pharmacologic or genetic inhibition of HIF-1α abrogate neo-vasculogenesis .	7	71
We have demonstrated that OSCC cells are sensitive to PCH4 and that Nur77 protein translocation from the nucleus to the cytoplasm might be associated with the induction of apoptosis by PCH4 .	8	81
These results indicate that PCH4 may serve as a potential anti-tumor drug for OSCC therapy .	
When Nur77 translocation was blocked , the degree of tumor apoptosis caused by PCH4 was significantly inhibited ( p < 0.05 ) .	8	81
Within the MAPK pathway , PCH4 only induced JNK phosphorylation .	
Furthermore , treatment with a JNK inhibitor significantly reduced PCH4-induced apoptosis ( p < 0.05 ) and decreased PCH4-induced Nur77 expression ( p < 0.05 ) .	8	81
In a xenograft animal model , administration of PCH4 also showed anti-tumor effects .	
In spite of numerous advances , the 5-year survival rate for head and neck squamous cell cancer has remained largely stagnant and few new anti-tumor drugs have been developed .	
PCH4 , a derivative of n-butylidenephthalide , has been investigated for its anti-tumor effects on oral squamous cell carcinoma ( OSCC ) .	
The aim of this study was to investigate the anti-tumor mechanism of a potential target gene , Nur77 , in OSCC cells , which can be induced by PCH4 treatment .	
Data show that PCH4 promoted Nur77 translocation from the nucleus to the cytoplasm and induced cell apoptosis in OSCC cells .	8	81
Elevated mRNA expression of the stemness gene octamer-binding transcription factor 4 ( Oct-4 ) and NANOG , and the metastasis-related receptor C-X-C chemokine receptor type 4 ( CXCR4 ) were also found in CD133(+) cells by reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction .	1	12
Indeed , failure of the DNA damage response ( DDR ) can lead to the development of cancer-prone genetic diseases .	
The identification and development of drugs targeting proteins involved in the DDR is even more investigated , as it gives the possibility to specifically target cancer cells .	
Among several types of DNA lesions , the DNA double strand breaks ( DSBs ) are one of the most deleterious and harmful .	
Mammalian cells mount a coordinated response to DSBs with the aim of appropriately repair the DNA damage .	
Moreover , the most investigated DSBs enzyme inhibitors tested as potential therapeutic agents for anti-cancer therapy are reported .	
Indeed , the administration of DNA repair inhibitors could be combined with chemo- and radiotherapy , thus improving the eradication of tumor cells .	
Here , we provide an overview about DSBs damage response , focusing on the role of the DSBs repair mechanisms , of chromatin modifications , and of the cancer susceptibility gene BRCA1 which plays a multifunctional role in controlling genome integrity .	612	62	61	6
It is known that chemotherapy and radiotherapy suppress CRC through inducing tumor apoptosis .	
Bcl-2/E1B 19-kDa interacting protein 3 ( BNIP3 ) is a proapoptotic protein whose expression level is often low in colorectal cancer ( CRC ) cells due to the BNIP3 gene promoter DNA methylation by DNA methyltransferase ( DNMT ) .	
In this study , we observed that the expression level of BNIP3 in colon cancer cells was significantly increased by treatment with therapeutic agents and radiation in vitro .	
However , the molecular mechanisms underlying chemotherapy and radiotherapy-induced apoptosis of CRC cells are not well defined .	
Furthermore , treatment with chemotherapeutic agents and radiation significantly decreased the DNMT1 expression level and enzymatic activity .	
The BNIP3 protein level in CRC tissues from patients who received preoperative concurrent chemotherapy was significantly higher than in those who received surgery alone .	
Consistent with increased BNIP3 expression , chemotherapeutic agents and radiation induced colon carcinoma cell apoptosis in a dose-dependent manner .	8	81
Both expression level and activity of DNMT1 were inversely correlated with the expression level of BNIP3 in colon carcinoma cells after treatment with chemotherapeutic agents and radiation .	
And , BNIP3 may play a role in the caspase-dependent apoptosis pathways , mainly during treatment with chemotherapy and radiotherapy .	8	81
Based on these observations , we conclude that chemotherapy and radiotherapy inhibit DNMT1 expression to upregulate BNIP3 expression to promote CRC cell apoptosis .	8	81
RESULTS : Both HCT-116 colon cancer cells and B16/F10 melanoma cells were sensitive to JG-03-14 in that the drug demonstrated tumor cell killing .	
Recent advances allow multiplexed genome engineering in E. coli , employing easily designed oligonucleotides to edit multiple loci simultaneously .	
CD133 has been found to be a prognostic factor of certain tumor types .	
Increased proportions of leukocytes belonging to the innate immune system were also demonstrated in splenocytes of SR/CR mice .	2	21
Plasma C-reactive protein concentration was lower ( P < 0.05 ) on wk 8 in subjects given 2 mg astaxanthin .	a	a2
Astaxanthin decreased a DNA damage biomarker after 4 wk but did not affect lipid peroxidation .	61	6
RESULTS Plasma astaxanthin increased ( P < 0.01 ) dose-dependently after 4 or 8 wk of supplementation .	
Immune response was assessed on wk 0 , 4 and 8 , and tuberculin test performed on wk 8 .	
METHODS Participants ( averaged 21.5 yr ) received 0 , 2 , or 8 mg astaxanthin ( n = 14/diet ) daily for 8 wk in a randomized double-blind , placebo-controlled study .	
Our objective is to study the action of dietary astaxanthin in modulating immune response , oxidative status and inflammation in young healthy adult female human subjects .	
Similar clinical studies in humans are unavailable .	
BACKGROUND Astaxanthin modulates immune response , inhibits cancer cell growth , reduces bacterial load and gastric inflammation , and protects against UVA-induced oxidative stress in in vitro and rodent models .	
Rare de novo CNVs were observed in of CHD trios ; 10 out of 11 occurred on the paternally transmitted chromosome ( p = 0.01 ) .	
The mutation of Botrytis field resistant isolates was located on the second unit of tandem amino acid repeats of BcOS1p , whereas the point mutations of the fifth repeat of OS1p confer resistance to both dicarboximides and phenylpyrroles and also osmotic sensitivity in Neurospora crassa .	63	6
A higher percentage of leukocytes expressed the LFA-1 marker in subjects given 2 mg astaxanthin on wk 8 .	
Dietary astaxanthin stimulated mitogen-induced lymphoproliferation , increased natural killer cell cytotoxic activity , and increased total T and B cell subpopulations , but did not influence populations of Thelper , Tcytotoxic or natural killer cells .	
While various experimental and clinical studies have implicated placental growth factor ( PlGF ) in the processes that underpin pathological angiogenesis , no study has thus far investigated its expression in CSDH .	
OBJECT A considerable body of evidence indicates that inflammation and angiogenesis play a significant role in the development and progression of chronic subdural hematoma ( CSDH ) .	
METHODS In the present study , using an automated electrochemiluminescence assay , levels of PlGF and sVEGFR-1 were quantified in serum and hematoma fluid obtained in 16 patients with CSDH .	
The actions of PlGF and its related proangiogenic vascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF ) are antagonized by a high-affinity soluble receptor , namely soluble VEGF receptor-1 ( sVEGFR-1 ) , and thus the ratio between sVEGFR-1 and angiogenic factors provides an index of angiogenic capacity .	
However , oligo-mediated targeting of human cells is currently limited by low targeting efficiencies and low survival of modified cells .	
RESULTS Levels of PlGF and sVEGFR-1 were significantly higher in hematoma fluid than in serum ( p < 0.0001 ) .	71	7	711
CONCLUSIONS Given previous evidence indicating a role for PlGF in promoting angiogenesis , inflammatory cell chemotaxis , and stimulation , as well as its ability to amplify VEGF-driven signaling under conditions favoring pathological angiogenesis , enhanced expression of PlGF in hematoma fluid suggests the involvement of this factor in the mechanisms of inflammation and angiogenesis in CSDH .	a	a2	7	71
Furthermore , the ratio of sVEGFR-1 to PlGF was significantly lower in hematoma fluid than in serum ( p < 0.0001 ) .	71	7	711
Future studies are warranted to clarify the precise role of PlGF and sVEGFR-1 in CSDH .	7	71
Furthermore , a reduced ratio of sVEGFR-1 to PlGF in hematoma fluid is consistent with the proangiogenic capacity of CSDH .	7	71
A large fraction of these leukocytes were polymorphonuclear granulocytes , macrophages and natural killer cells .	
Therefore , we targeted the rat Rag1 gene essential for the V(D)J recombination within the immunoglobulin production process and for the differentiation of mature B and T lymphocytes to generate an immunodeficient rat model in the LEW/Ztm strain .	
It is suggested that RASSF2 plays an important role in the evolution of gastric adenocarcinoma and should be considered as a potential marker for its prognosis .	
ZFN introduced targeted DNA double strand breaks ( DSB ) and initiated non-homologous end joining ( NHEJ ) after pronuclear or cytoplasmatic microinjection into zygotes .	
Finally , by chronically exposing BEAS-2B cells to mildly cytotoxic Cr(VI) doses ( 1 and 2 microM ) , we were able to induce changes in cell morphology and pattern of growth characteristic of an early phase of pre-malignant progression .	
In fact , the models used were often suboptimal and yielded conflicting results that were heavily dependent upon the system and experimental conditions employed .	
Here , we investigated the effects of chronic subcytotoxic and mildly cytotoxic ( 0.1-2 microM ) Cr(VI) exposures on cultures of human bronchial epithelial cells , the main targets of Cr(VI) carcinogenicity .	
Certain hexavalent chromium ( Cr(VI) ) compounds are well established occupational respiratory tract carcinogens .	
However , despite extensive studies , the cellular and molecular mechanisms underlying Cr(VI)-induced lung cancer remain poorly understood .	
Further studies are needed to determine whether these two phenotypes are involved in the Cr(VI)-induced carcinogenic process .	
Additionally , evidence gathered in this study strongly points to a Cr(VI) interference with cell adhesion to the substratum and with cell-cell interactions .	
Our studies with the nontumorigenic BEAS-2B cell line suggest that relatively short exposures ( h ) to sublethal Cr(VI) doses ( 0.1-1 microM ) may render these cells less sensitive to contact inhibition .	5	52
We have also observed a reduced sensitivity to Cr(VI)-induced apoptosis shortly after the beginning of exposure to a mildly cytotoxic Cr(VI) dose ( 2 microM ) .	8	81
In this study , we aimed to clarify the potential roles of miR-490-3p in hepatocellular carcinoma ( HCC ) cells .	
To directly address the cooperative roles of p16INK4a and p21Waf1/Cip1 in senescence in vivo , we generated a mouse line simply lacking both p16INK4a and p21Waf1/Cip1 genes [ double-knockout ( DKO) ] .	
Mouse embryonic fibroblasts ( MEF ) derived from DKO mice displayed no evidence of cellular senescence when cultured serially in vitro .	42	4
Although the p16(INK4a) and p21Waf1/Cip1 cyclin-dependent kinase ( CDK ) inhibitors are known to play key roles in cellular senescence in vitro , their roles in senescence remain rather poorly understood in vivo .	
This situation is partly due to the possibility of compensatory effect(s) between p16INK4a and p21Waf1/Cip1 or to the upregulation of functionally related CDK inhibitors .	
Notably , we found the DKO mice to be extremely susceptible to 7,12-dimethylbenz(a)anthracene/12-O-tetradecanoylphorbol-13-acetate-induced skin carcinogenesis that involves oncogenic mutation of the H-ras gene .	63	6
Mechanistic investigations suggested that the high incidence of cancer in DKO mice likely reflected a cooperative effect of increased benign skin tumor formation caused by p21Waf1/Cip1 loss , with increased malignant conversion of benign skin tumors caused by p16(INK4a) loss .	5	51
Moreover , DKO MEFs readily escaped Ras-induced senescence and overrode contact inhibition in culture .	5	52
This was not the case in MEFs lacking either p16INK4a or p21Waf1/Cip1 , indicating that p16(INK4a) and p21Waf1/Cip1 play cooperative roles in cellular senescence and contact inhibition in vitro .	42	51	52	5	4	511
Our results demonstrate that uPAR controls the ubiquitin-proteasome system in VSMC and regulates doxorubicin-induced TRF2 ubiquitination and proteasomal degradation via this mechanism .	
Our findings establish an intrinsic cooperation between p16INK4a and p21Waf1/Cip1 in the onset of cellular senescence and tumor suppression in vivo .	42	4
In addition , tumors secrete one or more factor/s that counteract CsA effect .	
We further found that proteasomal degradation of telomeric repeat binding factor 2 ( TRF2 ) mediates doxorubicin-induced VSMC senescence .	42	4
Third-line chemotherapy against recurrent gastric cancer should be considered if patient performance status ( PS ) is maintained .	
We report a case of recurrent gastric cancer successfully treated by a combination of CPT-11 and CDDP as the third- line chemotherapy .	
A 78-year-old man with advanced gastric cancer underwent a curative distal gastrectomy .	
Three years later , the tumor marker level began to rise and computed tomography ( CT ) revealed lymph node metastasis invading the pancreas resulting in pancreatic duct dilatation .	1
S-1 treatment was initiated but was discontinued because of a systemic exanthem .	
Paclitaxel was administrated as secondary chemotherapy .	
But , after 2 courses , a further increase in the tumor marker level and portal vein invasion were observed .	
Combination therapy of CPT-11 and CDDP was administered as the third-line chemotherapy .	
After 3 courses , the tumor marker level normalized , tumor size decreased , and the invasion was eliminated .	11	1
Cancer-prone diseases ataxia-telangiectasia ( AT ) , Nijmegen breakage syndrome ( NBS ) and ataxia-telangiectasia-like disorder ( ATLD ) are defective in the repair of DNA double-stranded break ( DSB ) .	
On the other hand , arsenic ( As ) has been reported to cause DSB and to be involved in the occurrence of skin , lung and bladder cancers .	
To dissect the repair mechanism of As-induced DSB , wild type , AT and NBS cells were treated with sodium arsenite to study the complex formation and post-translational modification of Rad50/NBS1/Mre11 repair proteins .	
Our results showed that Mre11 went through cell cycle-dependent phosphorylation upon sodium arsenite treatment and this post-translational modification required NBS1 but not ATM .	511	5	51
Defective As-induced Mre11 phosphorylation was rescued by reconstitution with full length NBS1 in NBS cells .	
Although As-induced Mre11 phosphorylation was not required for Rad50/NBS1/Mre11 complex formation , it might be required for the formation of Rad50/NBS1/Mre11 nuclear foci upon DNA damage .	
In this context , the role of Nrf2 in UVB-induced skin inflammation in Nrf2 WT and Nrf2 KO C57BL/6 mice was studied .	
The Munc18b promoter is controlled by INR ( initiator ) , Sp1 ( specificity protein 1 ) , Ets , CRE ( cAMP-response element ) , GRE ( glucocorticoid-response element ) , GATA and E-box elements in airway epithelial cells ; however , protein levels did not change during mucous metaplasia induced by allergic inflammation .	
Further , details of the molecular mechanism concerning the side effect of GFP remain unclear .	
The severity of passive cutaneous anaphylaxis was also reduced by showing that reduction of Munc18b expression results in an attenuation of physiological responses dependent on MC degranulation .	
An enormous effort has been made to create a more stable molecule with >600 PAI-1 variants constructed to study its structure-function relationship .	
Taken together , the results of the present study identify Munc18b as an essential gene that is a limiting component of the exocytic machinery of epithelial cells and MCs .	
Finally , this novel BiFC approach was exploited to identify potential modulators of p53-Mdm2 complex formation among a commercially available chemical library of 33 protein phosphatase inhibitors .	
Our results constitute " proof-of-concept " that this model has strong potential as an alternative to traditional target-based drug discovery strategies .	
Knockdown of EphB3 and EphB4 restores contact inhibition of locomotion to PC-3 cells .	5	52
In this regard , bimolecular fluorescence complementation ( BiFC ) analysis , by providing direct visualization of protein interactions in living cells , offers a straightforward method to identify potential modulators of protein interactions .	
We found the exocytic protein Munc18b to be highly expressed in mouse airway epithelial cells and MCs , and localized to the apical pole of airway secretory cells .	
We used nutlin-3 , a well-known disruptor of p53-Mdm2 interaction , to validate the specificity of the assay .	
The reduction of BiFC signal mediated by nutlin-3 was correlated with an increase in Puma transactivation , PARP cleavage , and cell death .	8	81
p53 plays an important role in regulating a wide variety of cellular processes , such as cell cycle arrest and/or apoptosis .	
Conversely , homotypic collisions between two cancer cells results in contact inhibition of locomotion , mediated by EphA-Rho-Rho kinase ( ROCK ) signalling .	5	52
In recent years substantial progress has been made in developing novel p53-activating molecules .	
Airway mucin secretion and MC ( mast cell ) degranulation must be tightly controlled for homoeostasis of the lungs and immune system respectively .	
Identification of molecular target(s) and mechanism(s) of silica-induced pulmonary toxicity is important for the intervention and/or prevention of diseases associated with exposure to silica .	
Rats were exposed to crystalline silica by inhalation ( 15 mg m(-3) , 6 h per day , 5 days ) and global gene expression profile was determined in the lungs by microarray analysis at 1 , 2 , 4 , 8 and 16 weeks following termination of silica exposure .	
The number of significantly differentially expressed genes ( >1.5-fold change and <0.01 false discovery rate P-value ) detected in the lungs during the post-exposure time intervals analyzed exhibited a steady increase in parallel with the progression of silica-induced pulmonary toxicity noticed in the rats .	
In the present study , we evaluate the structure of the active recombinant VLHL-PAI-1 ( very long half life , active >700 h ) which is glycosylated similarly to wt-PAI-1 at N232 and N288 , with the extended reactive center loop , intact engineered -S-S-bridge ( Q174C , G323C ) that precludes latency without affecting structure , and can be controlled by a reducing agent to terminate activity at will .	
The number of biological functions , canonical pathways and molecular networks significantly affected by silica exposure , as identified by the bioinformatics analysis of the significantly differentially expressed genes detected during the post-exposure time intervals , also exhibited a steady increase similar to the silica-induced pulmonary toxicity .	
Genes involved in oxidative stress , inflammation , respiratory diseases , cancer , and tissue remodeling and fibrosis were significantly differentially expressed in the rat lungs ; however , unresolved inflammation was the single most significant biological response to pulmonary exposure to silica .	a21	a2	a
Excessive mucus production , as implicated by significant overexpression of the pendrin coding gene , SLC26A4 , was identified as a potential novel mechanism for silica-induced pulmonary toxicity .	
Collectively , the findings of our study provided insights into the molecular mechanisms underlying the progression of crystalline silica-induced pulmonary toxicity in the rat .	
Published 2012 .	
Metastatic cancer cells typically fail to halt migration on contact with non-cancer cells .	
To address its functions , we created a mouse with a severely hypomorphic Munc18b allele such that protein expression in heterozygotes was reduced by Homozygous mutant mice were not viable , but heterozygotes showed a reduction in stimulated release of mucin from epithelial cells and granule contents from MCs .	
Plasminogen activator inhibitor type 1 ( PAI-1 ) is a serpin protein , a natural inhibitor of urokinase ( uPA ) and tissue plasminogen activators ( tPA ) .	
Early clinical trials revealed an acceptable safety profile together with pharmacodynamic evidence that the receptor can be targeted successfully .	
It is premature to draw conclusions regarding the therapeutic potential of this class of compounds but well-documented single-agent activity was noted during phase I evaluations , and recent evidence from a phase-II study suggests that co-administration of an anti-IGF-1R antibody with chemotherapy for non-small-cell lung cancer ( NSCLC ) improves objective response rate and progression-free survival .	
INTRODUCTION The insulin-like growth factor I receptor ( IGF-IR ) pathway plays a major role in cancer growth , tumor cell survival and resistance to therapy .	
BACKGROUND Preclinical evidence that targeting the IGF-IR is effective in cancer treatment has been accumulating for almost 2 decades .	
Based on the result , iron oxide nanoparticles may subchronic induce inflammatory responses via oxidative stress in mice by a single intratracheal instillation .	a21	a2	a
Thus PAI-1 makes great impact on human homeostasis and is desirable for clinical application .	
VIEWPOINTS These early results are a strong indication for continued research on the targeting of IGF-R , particularly in the treatment of NSCLC .	9	93
CONCLUSIONS Today , IGF-1R targeting appears a promising approach , more than two dozen compounds have been developed and clinical trials are underway .	9	93
Furthermore , blocking PAI-1 activity can protect against thrombosis .	
Genetic and molecular analyses mainly in Arabidopsis and in some other plants have demonstrated involvement of light signaling in cell cycle regulation .	
In this report , we show light-mediated activation of the promoter of AtPol\u03bb gene , a homolog of mammalian DNA polymerase \u03bb in Arabidopsis thaliana and an important component of DNA damage repair/recombination machinery in plants .	
Analyses of the light-mediated promoter activity using various deletion versions of AtPol\u03bb promoter in transformed Arabidopsis and tobacco ( Nicotiana tabaccum ) plants indicate that a 130-bp promoter region between -536 and -408 of AtPol\u03bb promoter is essential for light-induced regulation of AtPol\u03bb expression .	
DNA-protein interaction studies reveal that an ATCT-motif and AE-box light-responsive elements in the light-regulated promoter region confer light responsiveness of AtPol\u03bb promoter .	
DNA-binding analysis has identified a 63-kDa trans-acting protein factor which showed specific binding to ATCT-motif , while another trans-acting factor of kDa was found to bind specifically to both ATCT and AE-box sequences .	
The 52-kDa protein has been identified as B3-domain transcription factor by MALDI-TOF/MS analysis .	
Overall , our results provide novel information on the role of light signaling in regulation of expression of an important component of DNA repair machinery in plants .	
These different effects may result from the presence of different T(reg) subsets .	
Thus , we conclude that RORγt has a central role in determining the balance between protective and pathogenic T(regs) in CC and that T(reg) subtype regulates inflammation , potency of immune surveillance , and severity of disease outcome .	a1	a2	a
This model provides a mechanism for contact inhibition that could explain previously unrelated experimental findings on the role played by E-cadherin , beta-catenin , and alpha-catenin in the cellular phenotype and in tumorigenesis .	5	52
Upon cell-cell contact the concentration in alpha-catenin dimers increases , inhibiting actin branching and thereby reducing cellular motility and expansion pressure .	
Potential direct tests of our model are discussed .	
In particular , we address the effect of a knockout of the adenomatous polyposis coli tumor suppressor gene .	
When two cells touch , an adhesion link is created between them by means of transmembrane E-cadherin proteins .	
Contact inhibition is the process by which cells switch from a motile growing state to a passive and stabilized state upon touching their neighbors .	
Here , we propose a detailed quantitative model of the role of cytoplasmic beta-catenin and alpha-catenin proteins in this process , treated as a reaction-diffusion system .	
Simultaneously , their actin filaments stop polymerizing in the direction perpendicular to the membrane and reorganize to create an apical belt that colocalizes with the adhesion links .	
Morphology and apoptosis were further confirmed by DAPI-staining and TUNEL assay .	
Moreover , IGF-IR blockade was effective against tumors in mice .	
This inhibitor upregulated chemotherapy-induced apoptosis in a dose-dependent fashion .	8	81
BMS-536924 might have significant therapeutic utility .	
IGF-IR might identify a subset of BTC with a particularly aggressive phenotype and is a candidate therapeutic target in this disease .	
The ATM kinase and p53 are key tumor suppressor factors that control the genotoxic stress response pathway .	
The ATM substrate Mdm2 controls p53 activity by either targeting p53 for degradation or promoting its synthesis by binding the p53 mRNA .	
The physiological role and regulation of Mdm2's dual function toward p53 is not known .	
Here we show that ATM-dependent phosphorylation of Mdm2 at Ser395 is required for the p53 mRNA-Mdm2 interaction .	
This event also promotes SUMO-conjugation of Mdm2 and its nucleoli accumulation .	
Interfering with the p53 mRNA-Mdm2 interaction prevents p53 stabilization and activation following DNA damage .	61	6
These results demonstrate how ATM activity switches Mdm2 from a negative to a positive regulator of p53 via the p53 mRNA .	
Our studies reveal SIRT6 to be a potent tumor suppressor acting to suppress cancer metabolism .	
Lastly,Sirt6 is selectively downregulated in several human cancers , and expression levels of SIRT6 predict prognosis and tumor-free survival rates , highlighting SIRT6 as a critical modulator of cancermetabolism .	
SIRT6 also functions as a regulator of ribosome metabolismby corepressing MYC transcriptional activity .	
By using a conditional SIRT6 allele , we show that SIRT6 deletion invivo increases the number , size , and aggressiveness of tumors .	63	6
Importantly , loss of SIRT6 leads to tumor formation without activation of known oncogenes , whereas transformed SIRT6-deficient cells display increased glycolysis and tumor growth , suggesting that SIRT6 plays a role in both establishment and maintenance of cancer .	31	3
Here , we identify SIRT6 as a tumor suppressor thatregulates aerobic glycolysis in cancer cells .	
Despite being known for decades ( Warburg effect ) , the molecular mechanisms regulating this switch remained unexplored .	
Reprogramming of cellular metabolism is a key eventduring tumorigenesis .	
The inhibition of miR-490-3p reduced the expression of ERGIC3 .	
No metastasis to the liver , kidney or spleen were evident in either group .	1	12
The right testes were enlarged and seminiferous tubules in the area of invasion showed evidence of degeneration .	11	1
Nasal involvement must be first excluded to proceed to the diagnosis of nasal-type natural killer-cell lymphoma .	
The morphology and the immunophenotype were consistent with natural killer/T-cell lymphoma , nasal-type .	
Finally , metformin inhibited 2DG-induced autophagy , decreased beclin 1 expression , and triggered a switch from a survival process to cell death .	82	8
Our study reinforces the growing interest of metabolic perturbators in cancer therapy and highlights the potential use of the combination of metformin and 2DG as an anticancerous treatment .	
CT findings of the abdomen were negative , as were results of a bone marrow biopsy .	
The combination of the two drugs was much more harmful for cancer cells than the treatment with metformin or 2DG alone , leading to 96% inhibition of cell viability in LNCaP prostate cancer cells .	
Targeting cancer cell metabolism is a new promising strategy to fight cancer .	
Metformin , a widely used antidiabetic agent , exerts antitumoral and antiproliferative action .	
In addition to apoptosis , the combination of metformin and 2DG arrested prostate cancer cells in G(2)-M .	
This G(2)-M arrest was independent of p53 and correlated with a stronger decrease in cell viability than obtained with either drug .	
In contrast , a moderate effect on cell viability was observed in normal prostate epithelial cells .	
Findings from an in situ hybridization study for Epstein-Barr virus were negative .	
The effects of treatments were evaluated on cell proliferation , cell cycle , apoptosis , phosphorylation of Akt , c-Kit , ERK and VEGFR2 , and expression of genes related to drug activity .	
RESULTS Gemcitabine and sorafenib synergistically interacted on the inhibition of cell proliferation , and assessment of apoptosis demonstrated that drug associations increased the apoptotic index .	8	81
BACKGROUND Current treatments have a modest impact on survival of pancreatic cancer patients and this study investigates the interaction between sorafenib and gemcitabine and the molecular pharmacodynamics of this combination .	
METHODS The pancreatic cancer cells were treated with sorafenib and gemcitabine , alone or in combination .	
CONCLUSION These data demonstrate that gemcitabine and sorafenib combination displays a synergistic effect in pancreatic cancer cells .	
Sorafenib reduced c-Kit , ERK and VEGFR2 activation and on the other hand , gemcitabine inhibited Akt phosphorylation .	921	92	9
Moreover , quantitative PCR showed that sorafenib modulated the expression of genes related to gemcitabine activity , while gemcitabine induced the expression of RKIP .	
With inconsistent findings in the literature , additional dietary intervention studies on the effect of F&V on DNA damage and repair are needed .	61	62	6
The number of UGT1A1*28 alleles was inversely associated with sensitivity to gamma -irradiation exposure and DNA repair capacity , but a biological mechanism to explain this association is unclear .	62	6
A larger sample size is needed to investigate the association between bilirubin concentrations and endogenous DNA damage .	61	6
Healthy men ( n = 11 ) and women ( n = 17 ) , age 20 to 40 yr , provided blood samples at the end of each feeding period .	
Overall , F&V did not affect DNA damage and repair measures in lymphocytes .	61	62	6
We investigated , in a randomized , controlled , crossover feeding trial , the effect of 10 servings/day of botanically defined F&V for 2 wk on endogenous DNA damage ; resistance to gamma -irradiation damage ; and DNA repair capacity in lymphocytes , measured by the Comet assay .	
We also explored the association between the UGT1A1*28 polymorphism and serum bilirubin concentrations and DNA damage and repair measures .	
Epidemiologic studies have examined the association between fruit and vegetable ( F&V ) consumption and the risk of cancer .	
Several cancer-preventive mechanisms have been proposed , such as antioxidant properties and modulation of biotransformation enzyme activities ; both may be associated with reducing DNA damage and hence the mutation rate .	
Our results indicate that DNMT3B7 modifies the epigenome in neuroblastoma cells to induce changes in gene expression , inhibit tumor growth , and increase sensitivity to ATRA .	
Consistent with an established antagonistic relationship between AP1 expression and retinoic acid receptor activity , increased differentiation was seen in the DNMT3B7-expressing neuroblastoma cells following treatment with all-trans retinoic acid ( ATRA ) compared to controls .	
DNMT3B7-positive cells had higher levels of total genomic methylation and a dramatic decrease in expression of the FOS and JUN family members that comprise AP1 transcription factors .	
To test this hypothesis , we investigated the effects of enforced DNMT3B7 expression in neuroblastoma cells , finding a significant inhibition of cell proliferation in vitro and angiogenesis and tumor growth in vivo .	9	7	71
Higher levels of DNMT3B7 were detected in differentiated ganglioneuroblastomas compared to undifferentiated neuroblastomas , suggesting that expression of DNMT3B7 may induce a less aggressive clinical phenotype .	
To investigate if aberrant DNMT3B transcripts alter DNA methylation , gene expression , and phenotypic character in neuroblastoma , we measured DNMT3B expression in primary tumors .	
Genotoxicity was assessed in parallel by the measurement of DNA strand breaks in fish erythrocytes by the alkaline comet assay .	612	61	6
In this study , we examined a role for the DNA methyltransferase DNMT3B , in particular , the truncated isoform DNMT3B7 , which is generated frequently in cancer .	
A positive correlation was observed between the level of hydroxylated PAH metabolites and genotoxicity as measured by the alkaline comet assay .	612	61	6
CONCLUSION Our results indicate that MGMT could be used clinically as a predictive marker for tumor processing , the potential for lymph node metastasis as well as advanced clinical stage .	1	62	12	6
MGMT expression was significantly upregulated by arecoline in HOKs .	62	6
Nicotine has a synergistic effect of arecoline-induced MGMT expression .	62	6
Epigenetic changes in pediatric neuroblastoma may contribute to the aggressive pathophysiology of this disease , but little is known about the basis for such changes .	
AIMS Three-month chronic systemic-to-pulmonary shunting in growing piglets has been reported as an early pulmonary arterial hypertension ( PAH ) model with preserved right ventricular ( RV ) function .	
We sought to determine whether prolonged shunting might be associated with more severe PAH and RV failure .	
METHODS AND RESULTS Fourteen growing piglets were randomized to a sham operation or the anastomosis of the left innominate artery to the pulmonary arterial trunk .	
Six months later , the shunt was closed and the animals underwent haemodynamic evaluation followed by tissue sampling for pathobiological assessment .	
Prolonged shunting had resulted in increased mean pulmonary artery pressure ( 22 ± 2 versus 17 ± 1 mmHg ) and pulmonary arteriolar medial thickness , while cardiac output was decreased .	
However , RV-arterial coupling was markedly deteriorated , with a decrease in the ratio of end-systolic to pulmonary arterial elastances ( Ees/Ea ) .	
Lung tissue expressions of endothelin-1 , angiopoietin-1 , and bone morphogenetic protein receptor-2 were similarly altered compared with previously observed after 3-month shunting .	
At the RV tissue level , pro-apoptotic ratio of Bax-to-Bcl-2 expressions and caspase-3 activation were increased , along with an increase in cardiomyocyte size , while expressions in voltage-gated potassium channels ( Kv1.5 and Kv2.1 ) and angiogenic factors ( angiopoietin-2 and vascular endothelial growth factor ) were decreased .	
Right ventricular expressions of pro-inflammatory cytokines [ interleukin ( IL)-1α , IL-1β , tumour necrosis factor-α ( TNF-α) ] and natriuretic peptide precursors ( NPPA and NPPB ) were increased .	
There was an inverse correlation between RV Ees/Ea and pro-apoptotic Bax/Bcl-2 ratios .	
Ten-year survival by Chung level was as follows : I 100% ; II , 81% ; III , 87% ; IV , 11% ; V , 33% .	
A novel ZF targeting LINE1 repeats , ZF-B , showed specific binding to an 18-bp site represented by copies in the human genome .	
The ATM/ATR DNA damage checkpoint functions in the maintenance of genetic stability and some missense variants of the ATM gene have been shown to confer a moderate increased risk of prostate cancer .	
However , whether inactivation of this checkpoint contributes directly to prostate specific cancer predisposition is still unknown .	
Here , we show that exposure of non-malignant prostate epithelial cells ( HPr-1AR ) to androgen led to activation of the ATM/ATR DNA damage response and induction of cellular senescence .	42	61	62	4	6
Notably , knockdown of the ATM gene expression in HPr-1AR cells can promote androgen-induced TMPRSS2 : ERG rearrangement , a prostate-specific chromosome translocation frequently found in prostate cancer cells .	
Intriguingly , unlike the non-malignant prostate epithelial cells , the ATM/ATR DNA damage checkpoint appears to be defective in prostate cancer cells , since androgen treatment only induced a partial activation of the DNA damage response .	
This mechanism appears to preserve androgen induced autophosphorylation of ATM and phosphorylation of H2AX , lesion processing and repair pathway yet restrain ATM/CHK1/CHK2 and p53 signaling pathway .	62	6
Our findings demonstrate that ATM/ATR inactivation is a crucial step in promoting androgen-induced genomic instability and prostate carcinogenesis .	
Both VPA and hydralazine increased the expression of cell-surface MICA and B in osteosarcoma cells , and their combination induced a greater increase in their expression .	
VPA inhibited the production of both soluble MICA and MICB by osteosarcoma cells while hydralazine produced no effect .	
Both VPA and hydralazine enhanced the susceptibility of osteosarcoma cells to Fas- and NK cell-mediated cell death and the combination of VPA with hydralazine further enhanced the effects .	8	81
The present results suggest that combined administration of VPA and hydrazine is valuable for enhancing the therapeutic effects of immunotherapy for osteosarcomas .	
We investigated the effects of valproic acid ( VPA ) , a histone deacetylase inhibitor , in combination with hydralazine , a DNA methylation inhibitor , on the expression of cell-surface Fas and MHC-class I-related chain molecules A and B ( MICA and B ) , the ligands of NKG2D which is an activating receptor of NK cells , and on production of their soluble forms in HOS , U-2 OS and SaOS-2 human osteosarcoma cell lines .	
We also examined the susceptibility of these cells to Fas- and NK cell-mediated cell death .	
VPA did not increase the expression of Fas on the surface of osteosarcoma cells , while hydralazine did , and the combination of VPA with hydralazine increased the expression of cell-surface Fas .	8	81
In contrast , the combination of VPA with hydralazine did not increase the production of soluble Fas by osteosarcoma cells .	8	81
Median survival was 63 months .	
Identifying environmental factors that modulate disease pathogenesis and penetrance could help design therapeutic strategies for dystonia .	
We mapped SB insertions using linear-amplification ( LAM)-PCR and Illumina sequencing .	
The cytotoxic effects of lovastatin were attenuated in LKB1 null MEFs indicating a role for this pathway in regulating lovastatin-induced cytotoxicity .	
DYT1 is caused by a partly penetrant dominant mutation in TOR1A that leads to a glutamic acid deletion ( \u0394E ) in torsinA .	
The administration of 20 mg/kg 3-NP led to increased levels of torsinA in the striatum , the main target of 3-NP , but did not cause motor dysfunction in DYT1 KI or control mice .	
OBJECTIVE To explore the clinical significance of miRNA-216a expression in pancreatic cancer .	
Animals were then sacrificed and their brains processed for protein analysis .	
Repeated phenotypic assessments were performed at baseline , during and after the injections .	
To test this hypothesis , we administered 20 or 50 mg/kg/day of the irreversible complex-II inhibitor 3-nitropropionic acid ( 3-NP ) intraperitoneally for 15 consecutive days to young heterozygote DYT1 knock-in ( KI ) mice and wild type littermates .	
AIM To investigate the progressive transformation of immortal cells of human fetal esophageal epithelium induced by human papillomavirus , and to examine biological criteria of sequential passage of cells , including cellular phenotype , proliferative rate , telomerase , chromosome and tumorigenicity .	
METHODS The SHEE cell series consisted of immortalized embryonic esophageal epithelium which was in malignant transformation when cultivated over sixty passages without co-carcinogens .	
Cells of the 10th , 31st , 60th and 85th passages were present in progressive development after being transfected with HPV .	
Cells were cultivated in a culture flask and 24-hole cultural plates .	
Progressive changes of morphology , cell growth , contact-inhibition , and anchorage-dependent growth characteristics were examined by phase contrast microscopy .	
The cell proliferation rate was assayed by flow cytometry .	
The modal number of chromosomes was analyzed .	
HPV18E(6)E(7) was detected by Western blot methods and activities of telomerase were analyzed by TRAP .	
Tumorigenicity of cells was detected with soft agar plates cultivated and with tumor formation in SCID mice .	
RESULTS In morphological examination the 10th passage cells were in good differentiation , the 60th and 85th passages cells were in relatively poor differentiation , and the 31st passage cells had two distinct differentiations .	
DNA repair is essential in maintaining genome integrity and defects in different steps of the process have been linked to cancer and aging .	
It is a long lasting question how DNA repair is spatially and temporarily organized in the highly compartmentalized nucleus and whether the diverse nuclear compartments regulate differently the efficiency of repair .	
Increasing evidence suggest the involvement of nuclear pore complexes in repair of double-strand breaks ( DSBs ) in yeast .	
Here , we show that the human nucleoporin 153 ( NUP153 ) has a role in repair of DSBs and in the activation of DNA damage checkpoints .	612	62	61	6
We explore the mechanism of action of NUP153 and we propose its potential as a novel therapeutic target in cancers .	
To investigate the molecular basis , we imaged single molecules of human cardiac \u03b1Tm E180G by direct probe atomic force microscopy .	
Anti-tumour immunity was suppressed , and this might be associated with the increase of Tregs .	2	22
Following biotinylation of 5-hmC , the 5-hmC-containing DNA fragments are then selectively captured using streptavidin beads in a density-independent manner .	
Impediments of the refilling reaction allow Exo1 to generate extended ssDNA gaps , detectable by electron microscopy , which drive Mec1 kinase activation and will be refilled by long-patch repair synthesis , as shown by DNA combing .	62	6
Our observations suggest that the CD4+CD25+Treg/ CD4+ proportion in spleen lymphocytes can be a sensitive index to evaluate the change of Tregs in hepatocellular carcinoma mice and the Treg may be a promising therapeutic target for cancer .	
We have observed previously that treatment of plateau-phase L5178Y murine lymphoblasts in vitro with 2'-deoxycoformycin plus deoxyadenosine ( dCF/dAdo ) can inhibit the repair of X-irradiation-induced DNA single-strand breaks ( SSB ) in these cells and that this effect is associated with synergistic cell kill .	
In this study we examined the effect of a combination treatment of plateau-phase L5178Y cells with bleomycin ( BLM ) plus dCF/dAdo .	
Incubation of BLM-treated cells with dCF/dAdo resulted in significant inhibition of the repair of BLM-induced DNA SSB .	612	61	6
However , an additive , but not a synergistic , increase in cell kill was observed when cells were treated with a combination of BLM plus dCF/dAdo .	8
We reviewed 80 patients with vulvar melanoma seen between 1949 and 1990 .	
In this paper , we report the case of a 62-year-old woman who had a huge smooth muscle tumor of the right ovary .	
Ovarian smooth muscle tumors are a very rare type of ovarian tumor .	
The tumor measured 25 cm in diameter and weighed 6,200 g .	
The values of all the serum tumor markers were within normal limit .	
According to the criteria for the evaluation of the uterine smooth muscle tumors , this huge tumor was diagnosed as atypical leiomyoma .	
Histological examination revealed that coagulative cellular atypia was moderate to severe , necrosis was not present and mitotic index was low .	83	8
Further information is required regarding the characteristics of ovarian smooth muscle tumor and the propriety to introduce uterine tumor histological criteria to ovarian tumors .	
However , we finally made a diagnosis of this tumor as a smooth muscle tumor of uncertain malignant potential ( STUMP ) because of its huge size .	
Considerable debate centers on the optimal treatment for vulvar melanoma , as well as those clinicopathological factors influencing prognosis .	
In all cases previous standard karyotypes were negative .	
In the second step , biotinylation , a disulfide biotin linker is attached to the azide group by click chemistry .	
The familial hypertrophic cardiomyopathy mutation \u03b1Tm E180G enhances Ca(2+)-sensitivity in functional assays .	
Antidepressant desipramine ( DMI ) is clinically prescribed in the auxiliary treatment of cancer patients .	
The generation and detection of mechanical forces is a ubiquitous aspect of cell physiology , with direct relevance to cancer metastasis(1) , atherogenesis(2) and wound healing(3) .	
In each of these examples , cells both exert force on their surroundings and simultaneously enzymatically remodel the extracellular matrix ( ECM ) .	
The effect of forces on ECM has thus become an area of considerable interest due to its likely biological and medical importance(4-7) .	
Single molecule techniques such as optical trapping(8) , atomic force microscopy(9) , and magnetic tweezers(10,11) allow researchers to probe the function of enzymes at a molecular level by exerting forces on individual proteins .	
Of these techniques , magnetic tweezers ( MT ) are notable for their low cost and high throughput .	
MT exert forces in the range of pN and can provide millisecond temporal resolution , qualities that are well matched to the study of enzyme mechanism at the single-molecule level(12) .	
Here we report a highly parallelizable MT assay to study the effect of force on the proteolysis of single protein molecules .	
We present the specific example of the proteolysis of a trimeric collagen peptide by matrix metalloproteinase 1 ( MMP-1 ) ; however , this assay can be easily adapted to study other substrates and proteases .	
We used cDNA-based genomic microarrays to examine DNA copy number changes in a panel of prostate tumors and found a previously undescribed amplicon on chromosome 17 containing a novel overexpressed gene that we termed prostate cancer gene 17 ( PRC17 ) .	
When overexpressed in 3T3 mouse fibroblast cells , PRC17 induced growth in low serum , loss of contact inhibition , and tumor formation in nude mice .	5	52
The PRC17 gene product contains a GTPase-activating protein ( GAP ) catalytic core motif found in various Rab/Ypt GAPs , including RN-Tre .	
Similar to RN-Tre , we found that PRC17 protein interacts directly with Rab5 and stimulates its GTP hydrolysis .	
Point mutations that alter conserved amino acid residues within the PRC17 GAP domain abolished its transforming abilities , suggesting that GAP activity is essential for its oncogenic function .	63	6
Whereas PRC17 is amplified in 15% of prostate cancers , it is highly overexpressed in approximately one-half of metastatic prostate tumors .	1	12
The potent oncogenic activity of PRC17 is likely to influence the tumorigenic phenotype of these prostate cancers .	
Meanwhile , DMI inhibited the activation of PI3K-AKT-mTOR pathway which is considered as a negative regulator of autophagy .	82	8
Treatment with DMI could induce autophagic cell death characterized by the formation of autophagosome and the elevated level of autophagic protein Beclin-1 and cellular redistribution of marker LC3 .	82	8
In this study , we further explored the pro-autophagic effect of DMI in C6 glioma cells and its underlying mechanism .	
Here we describe a straightforward two-step procedure for selective chemical labeling of 5-hmC .	
Their bioinformatic analysis indicated that biological functions linked to immunity , inflammation , and cell death were among the most affected by BaP in human macrophages and that the AhR and p53 signaling pathways were the most significant canonical pathways activated by the PAH .	a1	a2	a
As this response may be important for the antitumor effect of BCG , urologists should be cautious with the prophylactic use of INH .	
The influence on the antitumor efficacy is now investigated in man .	
Although INH concentrations in the urine were high at the onset of the instillation , in vitro experiments indicated that the effect of INH may not be caused by killing of the BCG organisms shortly after application in the bladder .	
In conclusion , our data in guinea pigs suggest that the use of INH may impair the immune response to intravesical BCG .	2	21
Group VIB Phospholipase A(2) ( iPLA(2)γ ) is distributed in membranous organelles in which β-oxidation occurs , that is , mitochondria and peroxisomes , and is expressed by insulin-secreting pancreatic islet β-cells and INS-1 insulinoma cells , which can be injured by inflammatory cytokines , for example , IL-1β and IFN-γ , and by oxidants , for example , streptozotocin ( STZ ) or t-butyl-hydroperoxide ( TBHP ) , via processes pertinent to mechanisms of β-cell loss in types 1 and 2 diabetes mellitus .	
To unravel the biology of 5-hmC , we have developed a highly efficient and selective chemical approach to label and capture 5-hmC , taking advantage of a bacteriophage enzyme that adds a glucose moiety to 5-hmC specifically(12) .	
We find that incubating INS-1 cells with IL-1β and IFN-γ , with STZ , or with TBHP causes increased expression of iPLA(2)γ mRNA and protein .	
We prepared INS-1 knockdown ( KD ) cell lines with reduced iPLA(2)γ expression , and they proliferate more slowly than control INS-1 cells and undergo increased membrane peroxidation in response to cytokines or oxidants .	
Finally , we observed that the DDR is constitutively activated in a subset of human GBMs , and such activation correlates with regions of hypoxia .	
Accumulation of oxidized phospholipid molecular species in STZ-treated INS-1 cells was demonstrated by LC/MS/MS scanning , and the levels in iPLA(2)γ-KD cells exceeded those in control cells. iPLA(2)γ-KD INS-1 cells also exhibited higher levels of apoptosis than control cells when incubated with STZ or with IL-1β and IFN-γ .	
Here , we present evidence that the DDR exerts tumor suppressor activity in gliomas .	
Maintenance of genomic integrity is essential for adult tissue homeostasis and defects in the DNA-damage response ( DDR ) machinery are linked to numerous pathologies including cancer .	
We demonstrate that Chk2 is required for glioma response to ionizing radiation in vivo and is necessary for DNA-damage checkpoints in the neuronal stem cell compartment .	511	5	51
We show that genes encoding components of the DDR pathway are frequently altered in human gliomas and that loss of elements of the ATM/Chk2/p53 cascade accelerates tumor formation in a glioma mouse model .	511	5	51
Traditional bisulfite sequencing cannot distinguish 5-hmC from 5-mC(11) .	
Positive VEGF-A immunostaining was significantly associated with pAkt immunostaining .	71	7	711
p32/gC1qR/C1QBP/HABP1 is a mitochondrial/cell surface protein overexpressed in certain cancer cells .	
Here we show that knocking down p32 expression in human cancer cells strongly shifts their metabolism from oxidative phosphorylation ( OXPHOS ) to glycolysis .	31	3
The p32 knockdown cells exhibited reduced synthesis of the mitochondrial-DNA-encoded OXPHOS polypeptides and were less tumorigenic in vivo .	
Expression of exogenous p32 in the knockdown cells restored the wild-type cellular phenotype and tumorigenicity .	
Increased glucose consumption and lactate production , known as the Warburg effect , are almost universal hallmarks of solid tumors and are thought to favor tumor growth .	31	3
However , here we show that a protein regularly overexpressed in some cancers is capable of promoting OXPHOS .	
Our results indicate that high levels of glycolysis , in the absence of adequate OXPHOS , may not be as beneficial for tumor growth as generally thought and suggest that tumor cells use p32 to regulate the balance between OXPHOS and glycolysis .	31	3
OBJECTIVE As we previously demonstrated , the inhibitory effect of iodine on thyroid cell growth is mediated by iodolactones , especially 6-iodo-5-hydroxy-eicosatrienoic acid ( delta-iodolactone ) .	
These observations demonstrate that the NF1 gene is a mutational target of MMR deficiency and suggest that its inactivation is an important step of the malignant progression of MMR-deficient cells .	62	63	6
Overexpression of the Candida albicans ATP-binding cassette transporter CaCdr1p causes clinically significant resistance to azole drugs including fluconazole ( FLC ) .	
Screening of a × 10(6) member D-octapeptide combinatorial library that concentrates library members at the yeast cell surface identified RC21v3 , a 4-methoxy-2,3,6-trimethylbenzenesulphonyl derivative of the D-octapeptide D-NH(2) -FFKWQRRR-CONH(2) , as a potent and stereospecific inhibitor of CaCdr1p .	
Specifically , we discuss how an analog of non-equilibrium Rayleigh-Benard convection can result in glycolytic oscillations and cause a cell to become locked into a higher-entropy state characteristic of cancer .	
To better understand the function of 5-hmC , a reliable and straightforward sequencing system is essential .	
We show that this may result in cancer via mitotic failure , recasting the current conception of the Warburg effect as a metabolic dysregulation consequent to cancer , to a biophysical defect that may contribute to cancer initiation .	
BACKGROUND In this paper we propose a chemical physics mechanism for the initiation of the glycolytic switch commonly known as the Warburg hypothesis , whereby glycolytic activity terminating in lactate continues even in well-oxygenated cells .	
In this study , we evaluated the functions of 29 missense substitutions of BRCA1 in two DNA repair pathways .	
Contrary to current understanding , this effect may precipitate cancer development , rather than follow from it , providing new insights into carcinogenesis , cancer treatment , and prevention .	
CONCLUSIONS A quantitative model is presented that attributes the well-known Warburg effect to a biophysical mechanism driven by a convective disturbance in the cell .	31	3
CONCLUSIONS This study demonstrates that prostate cells are highly susceptible to genetic and epigenetic changes consequent to mild folate depletion as compared to cells grown with supraphysiological amounts of folate ( 2 microM ) routinely used in tissue culture .	
Prostate cancer is the second most common cancer in elderly men worldwide and its incidence rate is rising continuously .	
Missense substitutions of uncertain clinical significance in the BRCA1 gene are a vexing problem in genetic counseling for women who have a family history of breast cancer .	
Here we show that tumor-secreted miR-21 and miR-29a also can function by another mechanism , by binding as ligands to receptors of the Toll-like receptor ( TLR ) family , murine TLR7 and human TLR8 , in immune cells , triggering a TLR-mediated prometastatic inflammatory response that ultimately may lead to tumor growth and metastasis .	1	12	a	a2
It has been shown that secreted miRNAs within exosomes can be transferred from cell to cell and can regulate gene expression in the receiving cells by canonical binding to their target messenger RNAs .	
MiRNAs also have been detected in the blood of cancer patients and can serve as circulating biomarkers .	
MicroRNAs ( miRNAs ) are small noncoding RNAs , 19-24 nucleotides in length , that regulate gene expression and are expressed aberrantly in most types of cancer .	
High-performance liquid chromatography analysis demonstrated that mild folate depletion ( 100 nM ) sufficed to induce imbalance in both the nucleotide and AdoMet pools in all prostate cell lines .	
RESULTS We studied the consequences of long-term , mild folate depletion in a model comprised of three syngenic cell lines derived from the transgenic adenoma of the mouse prostate ( TRAMP ) model , recapitulating different stages of prostate cancer ; benign , transformed and metastatic .	
This mechanism of action of miRNAs is implicated in tumor-immune system communication and is important in tumor growth and spread , thus representing a possible target for cancer treatment .	a1	a
Thus , by acting as paracrine agonists of TLRs , secreted miRNAs are key regulators of the tumor microenvironment .	
Principal components analysis ( PCA ) combined to Fourier transform infrared ( FTIR ) microspectroscopic imaging was used to screen biochemical changes associated to C6 glioma tumor from 7 to 19 days growth .	
Normal brain and tumor obtained at 7 , 12 , 19 days after C6 cell injection were used to develop a diagnostic model of brain glioma based on PCA analysis .	
This classification model was validated using extra-measurements on normal and tumor at 9 and 15 days post-implantation .	
The spatial and biochemical information obtained from FTIR/PCA maps can be used to improve the discrimination between normal and grading human glioma .	
The first 4 PCs which account for more than 93.6% of total spectral variance were used to construct pseudo-color scores maps and compared each map to the corresponding hematoxylin and eosin ( H&E ) staining .	
Our results reported that by correlating pseudocolor map scores with H&E staining it was possible to screen histological changes associated with tissue transformation .	
In fact , PC1 and PC4 were associated to the tumor , surrounding tumor and necrosis .	83	8
Indeed , at day 7 after tumor implantation , FTIR investigations displayed a very small abnormal zone associated with the proliferation of C6 cells in the caudate putamen ( CP ) .	
PC2 and PC3 described normal brain structures such as white matter ( corpus callosum ( CC ) and commissura anterior ( CA) ) and some cortex layers ( grey matter ) .	
After delipidation of the tissues , we were still able to differentiate between different tissue features based on nucleic acid and protein content .	
AT1R and VEGF-A expression correlated with increased microvascular density in 102 breast cancer patients .	71	7	711
Candesartan downregulated the expression of VEGF-A in mice bearing MCF-7 xenografts and inhibited tumor growth and angiogenesis .	71	7	711
Losartan downregulated the expression of VEGF-A in MCF-7 cells treated with angiotensin II .	71	7	711
We found that angiotensin II promoted cell proliferation and upregulated the expression of vascular endothelial growth factor A ( VEGF-A ) in MCF-7 cells .	71	7	711
We explored the potential antitumor effects of AT1R antagonists in breast cancer .	
Angiotensin II type 1 receptor ( AT1R ) promotes tumor invasion , migration , metastasis and angiogenesis .	
Apoptosis was determined by a mitochondrial potential assay .	
As ER/PR/HER2-negative patients are candidates for paclitaxel therapy , combination with KX-01 may potentiate antitumor efficacy in management of this aggressive breast cancer subtype .	
5-methylcytosine ( 5-mC ) constitutes of the total cytosines in human genomic DNA and impacts a broad range of biological functions , including gene expression , maintenance of genome integrity , parental imprinting , X-chromosome inactivation , regulation of development , aging , and cancer(1) .	
HM781-36B combined with 5-fluorouracil , cisplatin , paclitaxel , or gemcitabine showed a synergistic inhibitory effect on the HER2-amplified and on some of the HER2-nonamplified breast cancer cells .	921	93	9	92
Continuous response curves measured in multiple cell lines reveal that proliferation is effectively silenced only when ERK pathway output falls below a threshold of indicating that high-dose targeting of the pathway is necessary to achieve therapeutic efficacy .	
OBJECTIVE To study the effects of angiostatin(AS) gene mediated by liposome on human pancreatic cancer cell line SW1990 .	
Here , we characterize two central quantitative aspects of this pathway : the mechanism by which signal strength is encoded and the response curve relating signal output to proliferation .	
The EGF-stimulated ERK/MAPK pathway is a key conduit for cellular proliferation signals and a therapeutic target in many cancers .	
In genetically identical sister cells , cell-to-cell variability in pulse dynamics influences the decision to enter S phase .	
Under steady-state conditions , we find that ERK is activated in discrete , asynchronous pulses with frequency and duration determined by extracellular concentrations of EGF spanning the physiological range .	
It is observed that drug uptake after an exponentially decaying electroporation pulse of the initial field strength Eo=1.4 kV/cm and pulse time constants in the time range 0.5-3 ms is faster than during PEMF-treatment , i.e. , application of an alternating current of 16 kHz , voltage U<100 V , I=55 mA , and exposure time 20 min .	
Additional cell death occurs after exposure to light irradiation at wavelengths lambda > 600 nm , of cells which were electroporated and had incorporated actinomycin-C or daunomycin ( daunorubicin ) .	
These treatments were applied to human leukemic K-562 cells and human lymphoma U-937 cells , yielding apoptotic and necrotic effects , determined by flow cytometry .	
In order to increase the permeability of cell membranes for low doses of cytostatic drugs , two bioelectrochemical methods have been compared : ( a ) electric pore formation in the plasma membranes by single electric impulses ( electroporation ) , and ( b ) reordering of membrane structure by alternating currents ( capacitively coupled ) .	
Thus , additional photodynamic action appears to be more effective than solely drugs and electroporation as applied in clinical electrochemotherapy , and more effective than the noninvasive pulsed electromagnetic fields ( PEMFs ) , for cancer cells in general and animals bearing tumors in particular .	
However , at the low a.c. voltage of this treatment , more apoptotic and necrotic cells are produced as compared to the electroporation treatment with one exponentially decaying voltage pulse .	83	81	8
Breast cancer metastasis is the most common cause of cancer-related death in women .	
Tamoxifen and brivanib alaninate have side-effects that can affect therapeutic outcomes .	
The primary goal of the current study was to evaluate the therapeutic effects of lower doses of both agents when given in combination to mice with SERM sensitive , oestrogen stimulated tumour xenografts ( MCF-7 E2 tumours ) .	
PURPOSE Tamoxifen , a selective oestrogen receptor modulator ( SERM ) , and brivanib alaninate , a vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 2 ( VEGFR-2 ) inhibitor , are two target specific agents that result in a substantial decrease in tumour growth when given alone .	
Tamoxifen activates SERM stimulated breast and endometrial tumour growth .	
Preliminary experiments were conducted to determine an effective oral dose of tamoxifen and brivanib alaninate that had minimal effect on tumour growth .	
Doses of 125 microg of tamoxifen and 0.05 mg/g of brivanib alaninate were evaluated .	
Experiments were conducted to evaluate the response of SERM stimulated breast ( MCF-7 Tam , MCF-7 Ral ) and endometrial tumours ( EnCa 101 ) to demonstrate the activity of brivanib alaninate in SERM resistant models .	
EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN In the current study , tumour xenografts were minced and bi-transplanted into the mammary fat pads of athymic , ovariectomised mice .	
An experiment was designed to evaluate the effect of the two agents together when started at the time of tumour implantation .	
An additional experiment was done in which tumours were already established and then treated , to obtain enough tumour tissue for molecular analysis .	
The data also indicate that sequence homology and/or chemical properties to the original epitope are not the sole determining factors for the observed immunostimulatory activity of the mimic peptides .	2	21
Here as ' proof of principle ' we have selected molecular mimics of the well-characterised tumour associated antigen , the human mucin1 protein ( MUC1 ) from two different peptide phage display libraries .	
The putative mimics were compared in structure and function to that of the native antigen .	
Our results demonstrate that several of the mimic peptides display T-cell stimulation activity in vitro when presented by matured dendritic cells .	
The mimic peptides and the native MUC1 antigenic epitopes can cross-stimulate T-cells .	
A key requirement for the development of cancer immunotherapy is the identification of tumour-associated antigens that are differentially or exclusively expressed on the tumour and recognized by the host immune system .	
However , immune responses to such antigens are often muted or lacking due to the antigens being recognized as " self " , and further complicated by the tumour environment and regulation of immune cells within .	
In an effort to circumvent the lack of immune responses to tumour antigens , we have devised a strategy to develop potential synthetic immunogens .	
The strategy , termed mirror image phage display , is based on the concept of molecular mimicry as demonstrated by the idiotype/anti-idiotype paradigm in the immune system .	
These findings demonstrate that in ovarian carcinomas the unspecific " cancer-related inflammation " contributes to a significant subversion of the adaptive antitumor immune defense mounted at the tumor site .	a1	a2	a
Interestingly , the considerable survival benefit in patients with high IRF-1-expressing cancers was completely abrogated as well for progression-free as for overall survival when urinary neopterin concentrations were found to be concomitantly elevated .	
In contrast , pre-treatment urinary neopterin excretion above 275 μmol/mol creatinine , which indicates an unspecific activation of the innate immune system , was associated with a very poor overall survival with a median of only 11 months when compared with a median overall survival of 40 months in patients with lower urinary neopterin excretion ( p = 0.021 ) .	a1	a
From all the factors reflecting the magnitude of the local adaptive antitumor response , intratumoral IRF-1 expression above the edge of the 25th percentile was found to predict most reliably favorable progression-free ( median 34 months vs. 10 months ; p < 0.001 ) and overall ( median 52 months vs. 16 months ; p < 0.001 ) survival .	
This study did not reveal an association between urinary neopterin and one of these investigated " on tumor site transcripts " .	
For this purpose , we compared pre-treatment urinary neopterin levels measured in 92 ovarian cancer patients , with intratumoral levels of mRNA transcripts from factors either involved in the adaptive antitumor immune defense ( CD3 , IFN-γ , IRF-1 , IRF-2 , SOCS1 and iNOS ) or immune tolerance ( FoxP3 ) .	
The main objective of the present investigation was to study the urinary neopterin excretion in the context of the activation of the adaptive cellular immune system at the tumor site .	
The analysis of the MD trajectory of TG*G* has ascribed a crucial role to hydrogen-bonding ( direct or through-water ) interactions of the 5'-oriented NH(3) ligand of platinum with acceptor groups at the 5'-side of the crosslink , namely the TpG* phosphate and the terminal 5'-OH group .	
These interactions bring about some strain into the trinucleotide which is slightly but significantly ( 1-1.5 kcal.mol(-1) ) higher for the right-handed orientation than for the left-handed one .	
Molecular dynamics ( MD ) simulations of the single-stranded DNA trinucleotide TG*G* , with the G* guanines crosslinked by the antitumor drug cisplatin , were performed with explicit representation of the water as solvent .	
The purpose of the simulations was to explain previous NMR observations indicating that in single-stranded cisplatin-DNA adducts , the crosslinked guanines adopt a left-handed helical orientation , whereas in duplexes , the orientation is right-handed .	
Overall , these results show that the Pt-GG crosslink within single-stranded DNA is malleable and can access different conformations at a moderate energy cost .	
This malleability could be of importance in interactions between the platinated DNA and cellular proteins , in which the DNA is locally unwound .	
During the unconstrained , 3 ns long MD simulation , left-handed conformations were times more abundant than the right-handed ones .	
This sampling difference agrees roughly with the calculated energy difference in strain energy .	
Furthermore , using Automated Quantitative Analysis ( AQUA ) to examine nuclear expression of ERα and ERβ in human breast tissue microarrays , we demonstrate that ERα and ERβ are co-expressed in the same cells in breast tumors .	9	93
The co-expression of ERα and ERβ in the same cells supports the possibility of ERα/β heterodimer formation at physio- and pathological conditions , further suggesting that targeting ERα/β heterodimers might be a novel therapeutic approach to the treatment of cancers which co-express ERα and ERβ .	9	93
Here we report the identification of two phytoestrogens that selectively activate ERα/β heterodimers at specific concentrations using a cell-based , two-step high throughput small molecule screen for ER transcriptional activity and ER dimer selectivity .	9	93
Using ERα/β heterodimer-selective ligands at defined concentrations , we demonstrate that ERα/β heterodimers are growth inhibitory in breast and prostate cells which co-express the two ER isoforms .	9	93
Exogenous expression of ERβ in ERα-positive cancer cell lines inhibits cell proliferation in response to estrogen and reduces xenografted tumor growth in vivo , suggesting that ERβ might oppose ERα's proliferative effects via formation of ERα/β heterodimers .	
Despite biochemical and cellular evidence of ERα/β heterodimer formation in cells co-expressing both receptors , the biological roles of the ERα/β heterodimer remain to be elucidated .	
Estrogens play essential roles in the progression of mammary and prostatic diseases .	
The transcriptional effects of estrogens are transduced by two estrogen receptors , ERα and ERβ , which elicit opposing roles in regulating proliferation : ERα is proliferative while ERβ is anti-proliferative .	
Heat shock protein 90 ( Hsp90 ) is a molecular chaperone involved in folding and stabilizing multiple intracellular proteins that have roles in cell activation and proliferation .	
In siRNA experiments in lung cancer cells , FLJ10540 was identified as one of several novel targets involved in cell migration and invasion .	
Here , we demonstrate that PI3K inhibition affects FLJ10540-mediated cell migration and invasion and further , that FLJ10540 knockdown ablates AKT-Ser(473) phosphorylation .	11	1	9	921	92
Tumor invasion and metastasis are the primary causes of cancer patient mortality , underscoring the need for identification of novel genes and signaling pathways that mediate these prognosis-determining phenomena .	
To identify and characterize novel lung adenocarcinoma genes associated with lung cancer progression , we created a bioinformatics-based approach that focuses on human cell-cycle-regulated genes that have evolved only in higher organisms but not in lower eukaryotic cells .	
Taken together , these findings indicate that the FLJ10540/PI3K/AKT pathway may harbor new therapeutic targets for treating invasive lung adenocarcinoma .	921	92	9
There was no evidence for involvement of an adaptive immune response in the prometastatic effects of CD11b/Gr1(mid) cells .	2	21
Whereas LXSN-HFK as well as early passage keratinocytes expressing HPV-16 E6 and E7 ( p7 E6/7-HFK ) were both moderately responsive to UVB irradiation , late passage-immortalized keratinocytes ( p27 E6/7-HFK ) were exquisitely sensitive to UVB-induced apoptosis .	8	81
To determine whether these responses are altered during the course of immortalization , we examined markers of apoptosis in primary human foreskin keratinocytes ( HFK ) transduced with either a retroviral vector expressing the E6 and E7 genes of HPV-16 or with empty vector alone ( LXSN-HFK ) .	
We have found that primary human keratinocytes undergo an apoptotic response to UVB .	
UVB from solar radiation is both an initiating and promoting agent for skin cancer .	
Immunoblot analysis revealed that caspase-8 was activated in all three cell types , but caspase-9 was only activated in p27 E6/7-HFK .	
In addition , the caspase inhibitor DEVD-CHO reduced the apoptotic response and increased survival of all three HFK types .	8	81
Caspase-3 fluorometric activity assays as well as immunoblot analysis with antibodies to caspase-3 and poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase revealed elevated caspase-3 activity and processing at lower UVB doses in p27 E6/7-HFK compared with LXSN- or p7 E6/7-HFK .	
After exposure to UVB , enhanced annexin V-positivity and internucleosomal DNA fragmentation were observed in p27 E6/7-HFK compared with either LXSN- or p7 E6/7-HFK .	
VEGF-A , pAkt and CD34 were examined by immunohistochemistry .	
This accumulation was associated with a rapid down-regulation of Bcl-2 in these cells .	
Cell cycle analysis further showed that only p27 E6/7-HFK exhibit G(2)/M accumulation that is enhanced by UVB treatment .	
The results point to the potential involvement of innate immune cells in cancer immunology .	2	21
Our data support migration of polymorphonuclear granulocytes , macrophages and NK cells into the peritoneum of the SR/CR mouse in response to intraperitoneal injection of S180 cancer cells .	
Oncoproteins such as Akt and c-Myc regulate cell metabolism .	
Accumulating studies have uncovered various molecular mechanisms by which oncoproteins affect cellular metabolism , raising a concern as to whether targeting glycolysis will be equally effective in treating cancers arising from different oncogenic activities .	
The high glucose consumption of tumor cells even in an oxygen-rich environment , referred to as the Warburg effect , has been noted as a nearly universal biochemical characteristic of cancer cells .	
Targeting the glycolysis pathway has been explored as an anti-cancer therapeutic strategy to eradicate cancer based on this fundamental biochemical property of cancer cells .	
Activation of either Akt or c-Myc leads to the Warburg effect as indicated by increased cellular glucose uptake , glycolysis , and lactate generation .	31	3
When cells are treated with glycolysis inhibitors , Akt sensitizes cells to apoptosis , whereas c-Myc does not .	
Here , we established a dual-regulatable FL5.12 pre-B cell line in which myristoylated Akt is expressed under the control of doxycycline , and c-Myc , fused to the hormone-binding domain of the human estrogen receptor , is activated by 4-hydroxytamoxifen .	
Using this system , we directly compared the effect of these oncoproteins on cell metabolism in an isogenic background .	
In contrast , c-Myc but not Akt sensitizes cells to the inhibition of mitochondrial function .	
This is correlated with enhanced mitochondrial activities in c-Myc cells .	
Our results describe mechanisms by which blocking Hsp90 function may be applicable to treatment of autoimmune diseases involving inflammation and activation of the adaptive immune response .	a1	a
In a mouse collagen-induced arthritis model , EC144 also suppressed disease development , which correlated with a suppressed Ag-specific Ab response and a block in activation of Ag-specific CD4(+) T cells .	
OBJECTIVES : Cigarette smoking is a major risk factor for pancreatic cancer ( PaCa ) .	
Quiescent fibroblasts , relieved of the biosynthetic requirements associated with generating progeny , direct their metabolic activity to preservation of self integrity and alternative functions beneficial to the organism as a whole .	
Thus , reduced metabolic activity is not a hallmark of the quiescent state .	31	3
In contrast , we show here that primary human fibroblasts continue to exhibit high metabolic rates when induced into quiescence via contact inhibition .	31	5	3	52
Much lower glycolytic rates have been reported in quiescent compared with proliferating lymphocytes .	
Quiescent cells are widely reported to exhibit reduced size , nucleotide synthesis , and metabolic activity .	
Many cells in mammals exist in the state of quiescence , which is characterized by reversible exit from the cell cycle .	
The high metabolic activity of the fibroblasts was directed in part toward breakdown and resynthesis of protein and lipid , and in part toward excretion of extracellular matrix proteins .	31	3
By feeding the cells labeled glutamine , we also detected a " backwards " flux in the tricarboxylic acid cycle from α-ketoglutarate to citrate that was enhanced in contact-inhibited fibroblasts ; this flux likely contributes to shuttling of NADPH from the mitochondrion to cytosol for redox defense or fatty acid synthesis .	
Inhibition of the pentose phosphate pathway resulted in apoptosis preferentially in quiescent fibroblasts .	
By monitoring isotope labeling through metabolic pathways and quantitatively identifying fluxes from the data , we show that contact-inhibited fibroblasts utilize glucose in all branches of central carbon metabolism at rates similar to those of proliferating cells , with greater overflow flux from the pentose phosphate pathway back to glycolysis .	31	3
Nuclear localization of complex 5 having an anthracenyl moiety as a fluorophore is evidenced from the confocal microscopic studies .	
Smoking compounds stimulated rapid ( 1 hour ) and transient activation of 5'-adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase and formation of autophagic vacuoles , indicating stimulation of autophagy .	82	8
RESULTS MMP-2 , MMP-10 , TIMP-1 , TIMP-2 , and podoplanin were detected in each of the 40 OSCC cases .	
The ability to generate capillary beds in vitro that can support thick , biological tissues remains a key challenge to the regeneration of vital organs .	
Here , we report the engineering of 3D capillary beds in an in vitro microfluidic platform that is comprised of a biocompatible collagen I gel supported by a mechanical framework of alginate beads .	
In recent years , microfluidic systems have been used to study fundamental aspects of angiogenesis through the patterning of single-layered , linear or geometric vascular channels .	
In vivo , however , capillaries exist in complex , three-dimensional ( 3D ) networks , and angiogenic sprouting occurs with a degree of unpredictability in all x,y,z planes .	
This laboratory-constructed vascular supply may be clinically significant for the engineering of capillary beds and higher order biological tissues in a scalable and modular manner .	
The engineered vessels have patent lumens , form robust mm capillary networks across the devices , and support the perfusion of 1 �m fluorescent beads through them .	
In addition , the alginate beads offer a modular method to encapsulate and co-culture cells that either promote angiogenesis or require perfusion for cell viability in engineered tissue constructs .	
We found that IGF-1R expression level in leukemia cells positively correlated with the percentage of blast in bone marrow from de novo acute myeloid leukemia ( AML ) patients .	9	93
Melanoma progression is associated with the expression of different growth factors , cytokines , and chemokines .	
However , no significant alteration of cell cycle was observed in HL-60 cells .	9	51	511	5	91
Moreover , we showed that NVP-ADW742 , a novel small weight molecular inhibitor of IGF-IR , could induce apoptosis in both HL-60 cell line and primary AML blasts .	9	93	81	8
Finally , we demonstrated that NVP-ADW742 could synergize with Ara-C to induce the kill in a subset of drug-resistant AML specimens .	
Further studies revealed that NVP-ADW742 induced Akt dephosphorylation , which might subsequently induce p38 phosphorylation and decrease antiapoptotic protein Bcl-2 expression in HL-60 cells .	81	8	9	921	92
Because TGFβ1 is a pleiotropic cytokine involved not only in physiologic processes but also in cancer development , we analyzed in A375 human melanoma cells , the effect of TGFβ1 on monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 ( MCP-1 ) and interleukin-10 ( IL-10 ) expression , two known factors responsible for melanoma progression .	
In developing novel therapeutic modalities targeting IL-6 , significant attention should be given to PSMA and its inactivation to fight against prostate cancer .	
TGFβ1 increased the expression of MCP-1 and IL-10 in A375 cells , an effect mediated by the cross-talk between Smad , PI3K ( phosphoinositide 3-kinase)/AKT , and BRAF-MAPK ( mitogen activated protein kinase ) signaling pathways .	921	92	9
Analysis of the kinetic data based on a unique physiological-metabolic model yielded the rate parameters of glycolysis , glucose perfusion , and lactate clearance in the tumor , as well as glucose pharmacokinetics in the plasma .	
This method was applied in MCF7 human breast cancer implanted in the mammary gland of female CD1-NU mice and was further employed to assess tumor response to hormonal manipulation with the antiestrogen tamoxifen .	
We have developed a noninvasive , quantitative method to characterize tumor glycolysis by monitoring ( 13)C-labeled glucose and lactate with magnetic resonance spectroscopy .	
Supernatants from TGFβ1-treated A375 cells enhanced MCP-1-dependent migration of monocytes , which , in turn , expressed high levels of TGF,β1 , bFGF , and VEGF mRNA .	9	92
This metabolic monitoring can thus serve to evaluate the efficacy of new selective estrogen receptor modulators and may be further extended to improve diagnosis and prognosis of breast cancer .	
Treatment with tamoxifen induced a twofold reduction in the rate of glycolysis and of lactate clearance but did not affect the other parameters .	31	3
Moreover , these supernatants also inhibited functional properties of dendritic cells through IL-10-dependent mechanisms .	
BACKGROUND Cellular stress responses trigger signaling cascades that inhibit proliferation and protein translation to help alleviate the stress or if the stress cannot be overcome induce apoptosis .	
When using in vitro , the TGFβ1-blocking peptide P144 , TGFβ1-dependent Smad3 phosphorylation , and expression of MCP-1 and IL-10 were inhibited .	
In vivo , treatment of A375 tumor-bearing athymic mice with P144 significantly reduced tumor growth , associated with a lower macrophage infiltrate and decreased intratumor MCP-1 and VEGF levels , as well as angiogenesis .	71	7	711
Finally , in C57BL/6 mice with B16-OVA melanoma tumors , when administered with immunotherapy , P144 decreased tumor growth and intratumor IL-10 levels , linked to enhanced activation of dendritic cells and natural killer cells , as well as anti-OVA T-cell responses .	
These results show new effects of TGFβ1 on melanoma cells , which promote tumor progression and immunosuppression , strongly reinforcing the relevance of this cytokine as a molecular target in melanoma .	9	92
Disruption of AKT activity , pharmacologically or genetically , reduced DNA synthesis , proliferation , and glycolysis , and increased mitochondrial biogenesis .	31	3
We present the data for C1orf64 or ER-related factor ( ERRF ) from 31 cell lines and 367 primary breast cancer tumors .	
Based on a genome-wide sequencing study that identified mutations in several breast cancer genes , we examined some of the genes for mutations , expression levels , and functional effects on cell proliferation and tumorigenesis .	
Correspondingly , DRIL1 induces the E2F1 target Cyclin E1 , overexpression of which is sufficient to trigger escape from senescence .	91	9	42	4
Immortalization by DRIL1 , whose product binds the pRB-controlled transcription factor E2F1 ( ref. 8 ) , is correlated with induction of E2F1 activity .	4	41
These data suggest a possible association between localization of p53 protein and numerical centrosome aberrations in replicatively or prematurely senescent cells .	42	4
In addition , thrombospondin-1 regulation in hypoxia proved to be important for ccRCC cell migration and invasion .	11	1
Furthermore , higher ERRF protein expression was significantly associated with better disease-free survival and overall survival , particularly in ER- and/or PR-positive and HER2-negative tumors ( luminal A subtype ) .	9	93
In ER-positive tumors , ERRF expression was inversely correlated with HER2 status .	
Benzyl isothiocyanate ( BITC ) is a dietary chemopreventive agent that inhibits the growth of various human cancer cells by causing apoptotic cell death .	
Nuclear morphology , Annexin-V/PI staining , and expression of cleaved caspase-3 all confirm that OP-B does not induce apoptosis .	8	81
In BITC-treated cells , the induction of autophagy was detected by monitoring the processing of an autophagy marker protein , microtubule-associated protein 1 light chain 3 ( LC3 ) , the aggregation of LC3 into granular structures and the formation of acidic organelles .	82	8
Inhibition of autophagy using 3-methyladenine increased BITC-induced apoptosis , whereas the administration of caspase inhibitor suppressed BITC-induced cell death .	82	81	8
Our data also showed that BITC inhibits mammalian target of rapamycin ( mTOR ) kinase activity in a dose-dependent manner .	
In addition , increased ERRF expression was significantly associated with ER and/or progesterone receptor ( PR ) positivity , which was still valid in human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 ( HER2)-negative tumors .	9	93
The results also suggest a structure-activity relationship for cyclosporin-induced cytotoxicity similar to , but independent of , MDR reversing activity .	
Peripheral accumulation of MDSCs was drastically impaired in Tnfr-/- mice .	
Although of different magnitude , the pattern of cytotoxic activity for the different cyclosporins alone closely parallelled that of L100 cells for U-1285 , U1285/ADR and LO cells .	
The results indicate that not only the collateral sensitivity in classical MDR but also the cytotoxic actions of cyclosporins per se on tumor cells alone are independent of immunosuppressive activity .	2	22
Compared to LO cells , L100 cells showed a marked hypersensitivity to CsA > B3-243 > WO-039 with B3-665 being inactive .	
No collateral sensitivity was observed for cyclosporins in U-1285/ADR cells .	
Parental LO cells were only marginally sensitized to Vcr by these agents .	
No reversing effect of any cyclosporin was observed in the U-1285/ADR or its parental cell line .	
The cytotoxic activity of cyclosporin A ( CsA ) and the three non-immuno-suppressive CsA analogues B3-243 , WO-039 and B3-665 were studied in tumor cell lines representing both classical and atypical forms of multidrug resistance ( MDR ) : T-ALL GM3639 L100 cells selected for vincristine ( vcr ) resistance and displaying characteristics of classical MDR , including P-glycoprotein ( pgp ) expression and increased drug efflux which can be inhibited by pgp blockers ( e.g. verapamil ) , and U-1285/ADR , a small cell lung cancer ( SCLC ) cell line selected for doxorubicin resistance which lacks pgp , is insensitive to pgp-blockers and shows cross resistance to cis-platinum .	
At 1 micrograms/ml CsA was the most active agent in reversing Vcr resistance in L100 cells followed by B3-243 and WO-039 , with no effect of B3-665 .	
UC-MSCs also modulated the expression of cell cycle regulatory proteins in HL60 and K562 cells while SB203580 reversed the effect .	
Pharmacological inhibition or genetic silencing ( through siRNA ) of p38 MAPK partially abrogated the proliferation-suppression and cell cycle arrest caused by UC-MSCs .	921	92	9
Comparison with the activation energy of 23.1 kcal/mol for the corresponding deoxyguanosine reaction indicates that most of the DNA damage by BPAQ will occur at the guanine site .	61	6
CONCLUSION Taken together , our findings indicate that p38 MAPK is critical for the growth inhibitory effect of UC-MSCs on leukemic tumor cells .	
Similarly , co-expression of oncogenes such as c-MYC or E1A rescues RAS(V12)-induced senescence .	
To test whether overexpression of normal human HER-2 can transform cells independently of the EGF receptor , we have introduced multiple copies of HER-2 into the EGF receptor-negative cell line , NR6 , and have performed assays for both transformation and tumorigenicity .	
Engineered NR6 cells that overexpress the HER-2 gene product display a highly transformed and tumorigenic phenotype as compared with control cells .	9	93
Additionally , a monoclonal antibody to the extracellular domain of the HER-2 receptor is able to inhibit the proliferation of the overexpressing cells in vitro as well as tumor growth in vivo .	9	93
This study provides clear evidence that HER-2-mediated transformation can be achieved independently of the EGF receptor .	9	93
Using electron microscopy technique cells carrying three kinds of morphological changes were detected : necrotic cells , apoptotic cells and those demonstrating a co-existence of apoptotic and necrotic features in one single cell .	83	81	8
In our experimental model , cells were treated with 100 microM menadione for 24 hours .	
It has been previously reported that menadione can cause necrotic or apoptotic cell death in a concentration- depending manner .	
In the present study we examined the effects of menadione , a redox cycling agent , on structural changes of human osteosarcoma line 143B cells .	
Functionally , knockdown of ERRF in two ER-positive breast cancer cell lines , T-47D and MDA-MB-361 , suppressed cell growth in vitro and tumorigenesis in xenograft models .	
We identified 903 downregulated genes and 1,319 upregulated genes when compared with the control cells after treatment with 20 μM curcumin concentration for 48 h .	
Indeed , we found that hypoxia decreased the thrombospondin-1 protein in several clear cell renal carcinoma cell lines ( ccRCC ) , although no transcriptional regulation was observed .	
Curcumin suppressed cell viability and altered the cell cycle of retinoblastoma cells .	
These findings indicate that Yen1 can act upon recombination/repair intermediates that arise in MUS81-defective cells following replication fork damage .	
This study aims to understand the precise molecular mechanism by which curcumin exerts its effects on retinoblastoma cells , by performing whole genome microarray analysis to determine the gene expression profiles altered by curcumin treatment .	
The ERs were expressed at similar levels in females and males , and the levels of ER alpha and ER beta mRNA were significantly related ( P<0.0001 ) .	9	93
ER beta was expressed in all cases .	9	93
In lung tissue , an ER alpha transcript was found at various levels in 38 out of 46 cases ( 83% ) .	9	93
Relative ER mRNA levels were measured by reverse transcriptase-PCR and normalized to the level of expression of the glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate dehydrogenase gene ( GAPDH ) .	
In the present paper , we have studied the expression of the estrogen receptors ( ER)-alpha and ER beta in histologically normal human lung tissue and lung tumor cell lines .	
A possible role of circulating steroid hormones in the etiology of lung cancer has been hypothesized .	
Several lines of biochemical evidence support these observations .	
Epidemiological studies have indicated that females may be at greater risk of smoking associated lung cancer compared with males .	
In conclusion , treatment of curcumin affects the expression of genes involved in various cellular functions and plays an important role in tumor metastasis and apoptosis .	8	12	81	1
Five of the tumor cell lines ( 31% ) expressed detectable levels of ER alpha and both of the immortalized cell lines showed a weak ER alpha expression level .	9	93
Compared with the lung tissue , ER expression levels were lower in 16 human lung tumor cell lines and two immortalized human bronchial epithelial cell lines .	9	93
In a model of breast cancer treatment , tamoxifen treatment was not started until two weeks following tumor cell injection .	
Furthermore , we proved that hypoxia stimulates multiple signals that independently contribute to diminish thrombospondin-1 in ccRCC , which include a decrease in the activity of oxygen-dependent prolylhydroxylases ( PHDs ) and activation of the PI3K/Akt signalling pathway .	
RESULTS Tamoxifen weakly ( IC50  inhibited the proliferation of 4T1 cells at pharmacological concentrations in vitro .	
This study examines localization of p53 protein at centrosomes in mitotic cells , which is often observed in association with DNA damage response , to investigate a possible association between p53 localization and numerical centrosome aberrations induced by cellular senescence .	
In the squamous cell carcinoma ( SCC ) cell lines SCC9 and SCC25 , lovastatin treatment ( 1-25 �M , 24 hrs ) induced LKB1 and AMPK activation similar to metformin ( 1-10 mM , 24 hrs ) , a known inducer of this pathway .	
This study sought to investigate whether oral iron-saturated bovine lactoferrin ( Fe-Lf ) , a natural product which enhances chemotherapy , could improve the chemotherapeutic effects of tamoxifen in the treatment of ER-negative breast cancers .	
METHODS In a model of breast cancer prevention , female Balb/c mice treated with tamoxifen ( 5 mg/Kg ) were fed an Fe-Lf supplemented diet ( 5 g/Kg diet ) or the base diet .	
At week 2 , 4T1 mammary carcinoma cells were injected into an inguinal mammary fat pad .	
The combination therapy was significantly ( all P < 0.05 ) more effective than the respective monotherapies .	
Oral Fe-Lf attenuated the loss of body weight caused by tamoxifen and cancer cachexia .	
In renal carcinomas , hypoxic conditions enhance the expression of angiogenic factors that help adapt tumour cells to their hostile environment .	
This phenotype is dependent upon RAD52 , indicating that toxic recombination intermediates accumulate in the absence of Yen1 and Mus81 .	
Induction of p21 is linked to simultaneous acetylation and phosphorylation of histone H3 .	511	5	51
In non-induced cells , the protein phosphatase PP2A is associated with the p21 gene and counteracts its activation .	511	5	51
Taken together we have revealed a cross-talk of reversible phosphorylation and acetylation signals that controls the activation of p21 by HDAC inhibitors and identify the phosphatase PP2A as chromatin-associated transcriptional repressor in mammalian cells .	
The dual modification mark H3S10phK14ac at the activated p21 promoter is recognized by the phospho-binding protein 14-3-3ζ , which protects the phosphoacetylation mark from being processed by PP2A .	
These results indicate that the activation of the EGF-EGFR signaling pathway is associated with the development of CK19-positive HCC , and the EGF-induced increase in growth abilities of HCC may account for the poor prognosis of the patients .	9	92
Histone deacetylase inhibitors induce cell cycle arrest and apoptosis in tumor cells and are , therefore , promising anti-cancer drugs .	
Activation of the MAP kinase signaling pathway by growth factors or stress signals results in histone H3 serine 10 phosphorylation at the p21 promoter and is crucial for acetylation of the neighboring lysine 14 and recruitment of activated RNA polymerase II in response to trichostatin A treatment .	921	92	9
We show here that induction of p21 by trichostatin A involves MAP kinase signaling .	51	9	5	511	921	92
The results of this study show the ability of interstitial PDT to cause major destruction of tumour tissue in the liver combined with minimal liver damage .	
Similar analysis on 250 ethnically matched control subjects revealed complete absence of R659X mutation , while I219V variant was found in 9.8 per cent of the controls .	63	6
Best long-term results were obtained at 800 J cm-1 with complete tumour remission in 4 out of 6 animals .	
No deterioration in liver function was found .	
HNPCC is associated with germ-line mutations in the DNA mismatch repair ( MMR ) genes namely MLH1 , MSH2 , MSH6 , and PMS2 .	
The present study was aimed at analyzing mismatch repair gene(s) in an extended Indian family satisfying the Amsterdam criteria , and extending the analysis to general population to estimate frequency of the mutations/polymorphisms observed .	
BACKGROUND & OBJECTIVE Hereditary non-polyposis colorectal cancer ( HNPCC or Lynch syndrome ) , is a genetically heterogeneous disorder that is believed to account for 2-10 per cent of all the colorectal cancer cases .	
The disease follows autosomal dominant inheritance pattern with high penetrance ( 85% ) and younger age of onset when compared to patients with sporadic tumours .	
CONCLUSIONS IL-7/IL-7R promotes c-Fos/c-Jun expression and activity in NSCLC .	
IL-7/IL-7R could also promote proliferation and lymphangiogenesis of lung cancer xenograft tumors .	
FoxM1 is known as a proliferation-associated transcription factor and is upregulated in many cancer types .	
Akt and pAkt were detected via Western blotting .	
INTERPRETATION & CONCLUSION R659X mutation correlates with disease phenotype , and 655A>G locus is highly polymorphic .	
Our study suggested that R659X substitution was prime cause for the disease phenotype in this family .	
The cell line should be a useful tool for the study of the biological characteristics of oral SCC , especially tongue SCC .	
The cells were transplantable into nude mice subcutaneously or rabbit submucosally and produced carcinomas in all the animals .	
Studies were performed on the bone marrow and thymus from the following groups of rats : i ) control rats , ii ) rats treated with sTAA , iii ) rats treated with CPA , iv ) rats treated with CPA and sTAA .	
The cellular content of the bone marrow and thymus ( CD4+ and CD8+ lymphocytes ) was analyzed morphometrically and immunohistochemically .	
In the bone marrow , CPA caused significant substitution of cellular components with fatty tissue whereas sTAA repaired this process .	
We found that CPA affects mainly the process of myelogenesis whereas sTAA protect the production of lymphocytes .	
In the thymus , CPA alone or in combination with sTAA repaired the inhibition effect of DMBA on synthesis of CD4+ and CD8+ thymocytes. sTAA further increased the amount of CD8+ T lymphocytes in the medulla of the thymus .	
Data in the literature as well as the findings presented here demonstrate that the tested treatment , including vaccination with sTAA , actively promotes the generation of the host's antitumor immune response .	2	21
The data suggest that autophagy is important for the toxin-induced cell lysis .	82	8
Also theophylline and dibutyryl-cGMP had some protective effect , whereas a number of compounds reported to protect against apoptosis in other systems were without protective effects .	8	81
The VX2 cell line has been used in many carcinoma-related studies , including oral SCC research , but it is derived from cutaneous tissue and not mucosa .	
Hamster is small animal , therefore , the cancer of hamster cheek pouch is not optimal for tumor imaging .	
The cells grew in multiple layers without contact inhibition for 60 passages over 2 years and were positive for cytokeratin ( CK ) .	5	52
The protein toxins ricin , abrin , Shiga toxin , and diphtheria toxin were found to induce lysis of several cell lines in a manner characteristic for programmed cell death or apoptosis .	
Cycloheximide , which like 3MA inhibits autophagy , protected even when added at a time when the protein synthesis had been blocked by ricin , suggesting that the effect of cycloheximide on cell lysis is independent of its ability to inhibit protein synthesis .	82	8
Cell lysis was efficiently inhibited by cycloheximide and 3-methyladenine ( 3MA ) , a specific inhibitor of autophagy .	82	8
However , the formation of disulfide-linked hemoglobin adducts on membrane skeletal proteins and changes in erythrocyte morphology were not observed .	
These data suggest that hemolytic activity results from peroxidative damage to the lipid of the red cell membrane and is not dependent on skeletal protein thiol oxidation .	
However , when red cell GSH was depleted ( >90% ) by titration with diethyl maleate , hemolytic activity of MAQ-NOH was markedly enhanced .	
Of interest , exacerbation of hemotoxicity was not matched by increases in lipid peroxidation , but by the appearance of hemoglobin-skeletal protein adducts .	
Previous studies have shown that 6-methoxy-8-hydroxylaminoquinoline ( MAQ-NOH ) , an N-hydroxy metabolite of the antimalarial drug , primaquine , is a direct-acting hemolytic agent in rats .	
To investigate the mechanism underlying this hemolytic activity , the effects of hemotoxic concentrations of MAQ-NOH on rat erythrocyte sulfhydryl status , membrane lipids , skeletal proteins , and morphology have been examined .	
Treatment of rat erythrocytes with a TC(50) concentration of MAQ-NOH ( 350 microM ) caused only a modest and transient depletion of reduced glutathione ( GSH ) ( which was matched by modest increases in the levels of glutathione disulfide and glutathione-protein mixed disulfides .	
Lipid peroxidation , as measured by thiobarbituric acid-reactive substances and F(2)-isoprostane formation , was induced in a concentration-dependent manner by MAQ-NOH .	
CONCLUSIONS IL-1beta stimulates proliferation in gastric epithelial cells .	
Autocrine stimulation by GM-CSF contributes to this proliferative response .	
Addition or neutralisation of IL-8 had no effect on basal or IL-1beta-stimulated proliferation .	
The tyrosine kinase inhibitor genistein completely blocked IL-1beta-stimulated proliferation and inhibition of the extracellular signal related kinase pathway with PD 98059 inhibited IL-1beta stimulated proliferation by 58 +/- 5 % .	
IL-1beta may contribute to the hyperproliferation seen in H. pylori- infected gastric mucosa , and be involved in the carcinogenic process .	
Signalling via tyrosine kinase activity is essential to the mitogenic response to IL-1beta .	921	92	9
The extracellular signal related kinase pathway is involved in , but not essential to downstream signalling .	921	92	9
Retinoids such as all-trans-retinoic acid ( RA ) are natural or synthetic derivatives of vitamin A ; RA binds to nuclear receptors in the skin , effecting transcription of a wide range of genes .	
One of the immunosuppressive effects of both ultraviolet ( UV ) light and chemical carcinogens is to deplete Langerhans cells ( LC ) from the epidermis , suggesting that these cells play an important role in inducing immune responses to developing tumors during the early phases of carcinogenesis .	
In contrast , topical RA did not itself alter the normal LC density .	
Topical application of RA prevents the tumor promotor 12-O-tetradecanoylphorbol-13-acetate ( TPA ) from depleting the density of LC in murine epidermis .	
Topical RA also prevented UV light from reducing the density of both LC and Thy-1+ dendritic epidermal cells ( Thy-1+ dEC ) .	
RA also inhibited the development of TPA-induced immunosuppression to a locally applied contact sensitizer .	2	22
The reasons for this are unclear , however , it is possible that RA does not inhibit some other immunosuppressive effect of UV light .	2	22
However , the RA treatment did not prevent local immunosuppression to the contact sensitizer from developing in response to UV irradiation .	2	22
Thus part of the anti-carcinogenic activity of retinoids may be due to their ability to protect LC during the early stages of carcinogenesis .	
Temarotene , a recently developed synthetic retinoid also inhibited UV light from reducing the LC and Thy-1+ dEC density from murine epidermis .	
RESULTS We included 70 patients ( 36 men and 34 women ) with a median age of 33 years .	
IDH1-R132H mutations were detected in 22 ( 39.3% ) of 56 cases and MGMT promoter methylation in 33 ( 61.1% ) of 54 cases with available tissue samples .	63	6
The primary end points were overall survival ( OS ) and time to progression ( TTP ) .	
In addition , this study provides a rationale for the combined use of DR ligands with AMPK activators or mTOR inhibitors in the treatment of human cancers .	
Notably , the reduction of TKTL1 expression decreased HIF1alpha accumulation and inhibition with HIF1alpha and/or the glycolysis inhibitor could abrogate the growth effects mediated by TKTL1 overexpression .	
CONCLUSION TKTL1 is a novel candidate oncogene that is epigenetically activated by aberrant hypomethlation and contributes to a malignant phenotype through altered glycolytic metabolism and HIF1alpha accumulation .	31	3
The data suggest that disturbances in tissue collagen metabolism during pancreatic diseases may result from deregulation of IGF-I homeostasis and that elevated serum levels of IGF-I , IGFBP-3 and IGFBP-1 may serve as markers of pancreatic cancer .	
In serum of patients with pancreatic cancer distinct increases in radioactive IGF-binding to 46 kDa BP , compared to control serum , were observed .	
Pancreatic cancer tissue and serum of patients with pancreatic cancer showed significant increases in IGF-I , IGFBP-3 and IGFBP-1 content , accompanied by dramatic increases in IGF-I tissue receptor expression , compared to controls .	9	93	92
Moreover , a distinct decrease in radioactive IGF-binding to the BPs , compared to control serum , was found .	
Overexpression of TKTL1 in HNSCC cells promoted cellular proliferation and enhanced tumor growth in vitro and in vivo .	
In pancreatitis tissue , a significant increase in IGF-I and IGFBP-3 content was accompanied by a distinct increase in IGF-I receptor expression , compared to control pancreas tissue .	9	93	92
We investigated whether serum and tissue IGF-I and IGF-BPs as well as tissue IGF-I receptor expression may reflect disturbances of collagen metabolism in patients with pancreatitis and pancreatic cancer .	
IGF-I binding proteins ( BPs ) regulate the activity of IGF-I .	
Insulin-like growth factor-I ( IGF-I ) is known to stimulate collagen biosynthesis through interaction with IGF-I receptor .	
Previously we have found deregulation of collagen metabolism in human pancreatitis and pancreatic cancer tissues .	
CONCLUSION Collectively , the data indicate that HCV induction of ROS and perturbation of NEIL1 expression may be mechanistically involved in progression of liver disease and suggest that antioxidant and antiviral therapies can reverse these deleterious effects of HCV in part by restoring function of the DNA repair enzyme/s .	a21	62	a2	a	6
Liver biopsy specimens showed significant impairment of NEIL1 levels in HCV-infected patients with advanced liver disease compared to patients with no disease .	
HCV core and to a lesser extent NS3-4a and NS5A induced ROS , and downregulated NEIL1 expression .	a21	a2	a
NEIL1 expression was also partly restored when virus-infected cells were treated with interferon ( IFN ) .	
Microvessel density was correlated with both VEGF-A and pAkt positivity .	71	7	711
CONCLUSIONS Phosphorylated Akt and VEGF-A are involved in angiogenesis of gastric adenocarcinoma , and Akt activation may contribute to angiogenesis via VEGF-A upregulation .	7	711	71	9	921	92
METHODOLOGY/PRINCIPAL FINDINGS In this study , we evaluated the effects of lovastatin on the activity of the LKB1/AMPK pathway that is activated upon cellular energy shortage and can interact with the above pathways .	
Homologous recombination-dependent repair provides a pathway for dealing with DNA double-strand breaks and replication fork demise .	
Furthermore , evidence was obtained that PA could suppress the phosphorylation of PITPNM3 and the combination of CCL18 and PITPNM3 .	
Also plays a key role in tumor cell resistance to anticancer agents and ionizing radiation .	
AIM To measure the serum levels of angiopoietin-2 and survivin as possible angiogenic factors in lung cancer patients with the assessment of their interrelationships and clinical significance .	
PATIENTS AND METHODS Patients with lung cancer as NSCLC ( n=70 ) and healthy volunteers ( n=10 ) were enrolled .	
Serum angiopoietin-2 and survivin concentrations were measured using enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay ( ELIZA ) .	
BACKGROUND Angiogenesis is an essential process in cancer growth maintenance , and metastasis .	
Angiopoietin-2 promotes tumor angiogenesis by priming the vasculature and potentiating the effects of cytokines at the front of active neovascularization .	
Enhanced expression of angiopoietin-2 has been reported in lung cancer tissue .	
Survivin is one of the inhibitors of apoptosis protein that has been shown to play a key role in cancer progression , and in tumor angiogenesis .	
Together with a significant decrease in EdU-incorporation after CAP , these data suggest that tumorigenic cancer cells are more susceptible to CAP treatment .	
The expression of γH2A.X ( pSer139 ) , an oxidative stress reporter indicating S-phase damage , is enhanced specifically within CAP treated cells in the S phase of the cell cycle .	
We hypothesize that the increased sensitivity of cancer cells to CAP treatment is caused by differences in the distribution of cancer cells and normal cells within the cell cycle .	
CAP induced a robust G2/M increase in two different types of cancer cells with different degrees of tumorigenicity .	
Here , we present a first attempt to identify the mechanism of CAP action .	
Cold atmospheric plasma ( CAP ) , a technology based on quasi-neutral ionized gas at low temperatures , is currently being evaluated as a new highly selective alternative addition to existing cancer therapies .	
Thus , our results reveal a new mutp53 GOF and a mechanism for controlling the Warburg effect .	31	3
DNA damage was investigated by evaluating the levels of 8-oxo-7,8-dihydro-2'-deoxyguanosine ( 8-oxodGuo ) and DNA strand breaks .	612	61	6
The tumour suppressor gene p53 is frequently mutated in tumours .	
Many tumour-associated mutant p53 ( mutp53 ) proteins not only lose tumour suppressive function but also gain new oncogenic functions that are independent of wild-type p53 , defined as mutp53 gain of function ( GOF ) .	
Tumour cells primarily utilize aerobic glycolysis for energy production , a phenomenon known as the Warburg effect .	
Its mechanism is not well understood .	
Inhibition of RhoA/ROCK/GLUT1 signalling largely abolishes mutp53 GOF in stimulating the Warburg effect .	31	3
Furthermore , inhibition of glycolysis in tumour cells greatly compromises mutp53 GOF in promoting tumorigenesis .	31	3
Here we show that tumour-associated mutp53 stimulates the Warburg effect in cultured cells and mutp53 knockin mice as a new mutp53 GOF .	31	3
Mutp53 stimulates the Warburg effect through promoting GLUT1 translocation to the plasma membrane , which is mediated by activated RhoA and its downstream effector ROCK .	31	3
We conclude that miR-362-3p may be a novel prognostic marker in CRC , and hypothesize that the positive effects of augmented miR-362-3p expression may in part be mediated through the targets E2F1 , USF2 and PTPN1. � 2012 Wiley Periodicals , Inc .	
Nuclear G93A SOD1 has identical superoxide dismutase activity but displays increased peroxidase activity when compared to wild-type SOD1 .	
These results indicate that the G93A mutant SOD1 association with DNA might induce DNA damage and trigger the apoptotic response by activating p53 .	61	6	81	8
In addition , via qRT-PCR analysis of MDA-MB-231 cells , we observed that TNF-alpha mediated the up-regulation of gene transcripts associated with inflammation and senescence [ IL-1-beta , IL-6 , IL-8 , MCP-1 , COX-2 , p21(WAF1/CIP1) ] and downregulated known tumor-promoting genes ( collagen VI and MMP2 ) .	a	a2	42	4
Mechanistically , TNF-alpha induced autophagy and mitochondrial dysfunction in both epithelial cancer cells and stromal fibroblasts , preventing energy transfer from the tumor microenvironment , likely " starving " the cancer cells to death .	
Thus , we propose that stromal cell-mediated delivery of TNF-alpha to human tumors [ using transfected fibroblasts or mesenchymal stem cells ( hMSCs) ] may be a novel and effective strategy for the prevention and treatment of human cancers .	
Recombinant overexpression of TNF-alpha receptor(s) in MDA-MB-231 cells also significantly reduced tumor growth , but was not as effective as the TNF-alpha ligand itself in preventing tumor growth .	
These results suggest that piceatannol , unlike resveratrol , has a potential to suppress the hepatoma proliferation by inducing cell cycle arrest and apoptosis induction .	
They also suggest that the antioxidative property of piceatannol , like resveratrol , may be involved in its anti-invasive action .	
Subsequently , piceatannol was found to suppress the growth of solid tumor and metastasis in hepatoma-bearing rats .	
Thus , piceatannol may be a useful anticancer natural product .	
Piceatannol is a stilbenoid , a metabolite of resveratrol found in red wine .	
Piceatannol and sera from rats orally given piceatannol were found to dose-dependently suppress both the proliferation and invasion of AH109A hepatoma cells in culture .	
Its antiproliferative effect was based on cell cycle arrest at lower concentration ( 25 μM ) and on apoptosis induction at higher concentration ( 100 μM ) .	
Piceatannol suppressed reactive oxygen species-potentiated invasive capacity by scavenging the intracellular reactive oxygen species .	
However , whether TR3 is involved in regulating the stem-like properties of cancer cells remains unknown .	
The orphan receptor TR3 is an important regulator of cell proliferation and apoptosis .	
This study provides an exciting approach for cancer therapy by inhibiting telomerase activity using an antisense gene .	
CONCLUSION Antisense-hTR transfection can inhibit the growth of SGC-7901 cells and partially reverse the malignant phenotypes .	
Sorafenib may provide a new paradigm for the therapy of islet cell tumors .	
Compared with the parental cells and pCI-neo transfected cells , ahTR-transfected cells displayed some morphological changes , such as decreased atypia , and recovery of contact inhibition and density inhibition under light microscope .	5	52
The telomerase activity in ahTR-transfected SGC-7901 cells decreased from 100% to approximately 25% , and telomere length in the cells shortened to 3.35 from 4.08 Kb at 60 population doublings .	
Surprisingly , ahTR-transfected SGC-7901 cells lost their capacity for clone formation in soft agar and tumorigencity in nude mice .	
Furthermore , ahTR-transfected cells displayed decreased invasive capacity in Borden's chamber invasive model , increased G0/G1 phase rate and apoptotic rate .	11	1	81	8
METHODS An ahTR eukaryotic expression vector , including the sequence of template region of telomere repeats , was constructed by recombinant technology of molecules and then transfected into gastric carcinoma cell line SGC-7901 by liposome DOTAP .	
AIM The study was designed to explore the effects of antisense human telomerase RNA ( ahTR ) on the malignant phenotype of gastric carcinoma cell line SGC-7901 , and its potential role in gene therapy for tumors .	
RESULTS An ahTR eukaryotic expression vector was constructed and successfully transfected into SGC-7901 cells .	
Subsequently , the expression of hTR RNA and ahTR RNA by reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction , telomerase activity by telomeric repeat amplification protocol-ELISA ( TRAP-ELISA ) , telomere length by Southern blotting , cell morphology under light microscope , cellular proliferation capacity by 3-(4,5-dimethyl-2 thiazoyl)-2,5-diphenyl-2H-tetrazolium bromide assay , cell-cycle distribution by flow cytometry , efficiency of clone formation in soft agar , and tumorigenecity in nude mice were examined and evaluated in ahTR-transfected cells , control plasmid pCI-neo transfected cells and their parental cells .	
Previous findings have been conflicting and a clear understanding of the effects of hMSCs on cancer remains to be established .	
BACKGROUND Adult human mesenchymal stem cells ( hMSC ) have been shown to home to sites of carcinoma and affect biological processes , including tumour growth and metastasis .	
RESULTS In this study , we show the effects of hMSCs on cancer cells are mediated through a secreted factor(s) which are enhanced by cancer cell-hMSC contact/communication .	
Therefore , we set out to investigate the impact of hMSCs on the oestrogen receptor positive , hormone-dependent breast carcinoma cell line MCF-7 .	
Inhibition of ER signalling by the pure anti-oestrogen ICI 182,780 decreased the effect of hMSCs on MCF-7 cell proliferation and migration supporting a role for ER signalling in the hMSC/MCF-7 cell interaction .	9	93
In addition to enhanced proliferation when in co-culture with hMSCs , MCF-7 cells were found to have increased migration potential in vitro .	11	1
This coupled with the knowledge that SDF-1 is an ER-mediated gene linked with hormone-independence and metastasis led to the investigation of the SDF-1/CXCR4 signalling axis in hMSC-MCF-7 cell interaction .	
Additionally , hMSCs have been shown to secrete a wide variety of growth factors and chemokines including stromal cell-derived factor-1 ( SDF-1 ) .	9	92
SDF-1 treatment of MCF-7 cells alone increased proliferation to just below that seen with hMSC co-culture .	
Experiments revealed an increase in SDF-1 gene expression both in vivo and in vitro when MCF-7 cells were cultured with hMSCs .	
The assays were validated using Acr-treated HT29 cell DNA samples or calf thymus DNA , and the results were confirmed by LC-MS/MS-MRM .	
An immunohistochemical assay was also developed to detect and visualize Acr-dG in HT29 cells as well as in human oral cells .	
Acrolein ( Acr ) is a ubiquitous environmental pollutant found in cigarette smoke and automobile exhaust .	
It can also be produced endogenously by oxidation of polyunsaturated fatty acids .	
The Acr-derived 1,N(2)-propanodeoxyguanosine ( Acr-dG ) adducts in DNA are mutagenic lesions that are potentially involved in human cancers .	
In this study , monoclonal antibodies were raised against Acr-dG adducts and characterized using ELISA .	
Therefore , we speculate that PA could inhibit breast cancer metastasis via PITPNM3 .	1	12
In human tumor cells , MALAT1 expression was abrogated using Zinc Finger Nucleases .	91	9
Untreated cells were given common medium .	
Only RWPE-1 cells express detectable amounts of MMP9 when cultivated in common medium , whereas the addition of fibronectin induced high expression levels of pro and active forms of MMP2 in all tested cell lines .	
Our findings demonstrate that normal and tumor prostate cell lines express MMP2 activity when in contact with extracellular matrix components or blood plasma proteins such as fibronectin .	11	1
Future studies of transcriptomes and proteomes in prostate cancer research using these cell lines should not neglect these important conclusions .	
High-grade prostate cancers express high levels of matrix metalloproteinases ( MMPs ) , major enzymes involved in tumor invasion and metastasis .	
However , the tumor cell lines commonly employed for prostate cancer research express only small amounts of MMPs when cultivated as monolayer cultures , in common culture media .	
The present study was conducted to ascertain whether culture conditions that include fibronectin can alter MMP2 and MMP9 expression by the human prostatic epithelial cell lines RWPE-1 , LNCaP and PC-3 .	
These cells were individually seeded at 2×10(4) cells/cm(2) , cultivated until they reached 80% confluence , and then exposed for 4h to fibronectin , after which the conditioned medium was analyzed by gelatin zymography .	
Since cancer-associated immune cells appeared glycolytic , this observation may also explain how inflammation literally " fuels " tumor progression and metastatic dissemination , by " feeding " mitochondrial metabolism in cancer cells .	a1	31	3	a
Here , we have developed a human and a mouse knockout system to study the loss-of-function phenotypes of this important ncRNA .	
For example , Ang II , arachidonate , bradykinin , 5,6-EET , parathyroid hormone ( residues 1 through 34 ) , and purine nucleotides increase cytosolic Ca2+ , PTH elevates cAMP levels , and Ang II enhances proximal tubule-specific arachidonic acid metabolism .	
They also retain several receptor and signal transduction mechanisms .	
In this study , we examined the mechanism by which X-irradiation triggers the death of Ku70 -/- MLE cells .	
The expression level of activated MMP-2 in the RSR group was down-regulated when compared with the blank control group , the Herceptin group , and the combination group ( P < 0.05 ) .	
The expression of MMP-9 of the RSR group , the Herceptin group , and the combination group was significantly down-regulated when compared with the blank control group ( P < 0.05 ) .	
The expression of MMP-9 of the RSR group and the combination group was further down-regulated when compared with the Herceptin group ( P < 0.05 ) .	
The expressions of both TIMP-1 and TIMP-2 of the RSR group , the Herceptin group , and the combination group were all up-regulated when compared with the blank control group ( P < 0.05 ) .	
The nuclear transcript MALAT-1 has been functionally associated with gene regulation and alternative splicing and its regulation has been shown to impact proliferation , apoptosis , migration and invasion .	
It was higher in the combination group than in the RSR group ( P < 0.05 ) .	
CONCLUSIONS RSR could inhibit the tumor recurrence of FVB/neu mice .	
It could reduce the degradation of extracellular matrix and increase the protective effects of extracellular matrix .	
Thus , we have identified a unique mechanism that contributes to cancer resistance of this subterranean mammal extremely adapted to life underground .	
It is highly abundant , its expression is strongly regulated in many tumor entities including lung adenocarcinoma and hepatocellular carcinoma as well as physiological processes , and it is associated with many RNA binding proteins and highly conserved throughout evolution .	
In the multivariate analysis , status of VEGF , p53 expression and MVD were not an independent prognostic factor .	
CONCLUSION VEGF seems to be an important , clinically relevant inducer of angiogenesis and angiogenesis assessed by the MVD may be a useful marker for predicting metastasis in gastric cancer .	12	7	711	1	71
The expression of p53 did not correlate with VEGF expression .	71	7	711
Also , the relationship between the status of p53 expression and MVD had not statistically significant differences .	
During this study , the high amount of PAH metabolites produced in sole demonstrated the bioavailability of PAHs and their biotransformation by fish enzymes .	
However , further studies are warranted to clarify the impact of p53 on the angiogenesis and the prognostic significance of angiogenesis in gastric cancer .	7	71
The area under the ROC curves increased but not significantly ( 0.80 ( 95% CI : 0.73 vs. 0.75 ( 95% CI : 0.67 Z=2.61 , P more than 0.05 ) .	
Compound 1 dose-dependently inhibited proliferation and tube formation in human umbilical vein endothelial cells ( VEGF-A-HUVECs ) , without affecting cell viability in native HUVECs .	7	71
In addition , 1 decreased the expression of VEGF receptor-2 ( VEGFR-2 ) , COX-2 , and prostaglandin E(2) ( PGE(2) ) in VEGF-A-transfected HUVECs .	9	93	7	71
Taken together , these results identify downregulation of miR-497 as an important mechanism of upregulation of IGF1-R in CRC cells that contributes to malignancy of CRC.Oncogene advance online publication , 18 June 2012 ; doi:10.1038/onc.2012.214 .	
The results were superior to those obtained in the mice treated with NS398 .	
In this study , the antitumor effect of 1 was compared with that of NS398 , a cyclooxygenase-2 ( COX-2 ) inhibitor , in vivo and in vitro .	
Subcutaneous injection of 1 at 0.5 and 5 mg/kg suppressed significantly vascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF)-A-transfected highly metastatic Lewis lung cancer ( VEGF-A-hm LLC ) tumor growth by 25% and 57% , respectively .	
Melittin ( 1 ) is a major polypeptide in honey bee venom that has been used traditionally against chronic inflammation and cancer .	
However , its molecular mechanism has not been determined .	
MiR-497 and miR-195 of the miR-15/16/195/424/497 family that share the same 3 ' untranslated region ( 3'UTR ) binding seed sequence and are predicted to target IGF1-R were concurrently downregulated in the majority of CRC tissues relative to paired adjacent normal mucosa .	
However , only overexpression of miR-497 led to suppression of the IGF1-R 3'UTR activity and downregulation of the endogenous IGF1-R protein in CRC cells .	
Past studies have shown that amplified insulin-like growth factor 1 ( IGF1)/IGF1 receptor ( IGF1-R ) signalling has an important role in colorectal cancer ( CRC ) development , progression and resistance to treatment .	
In this report , we demonstrate that downregulation of microRNA-497 ( miR-497 ) as a result of DNA copy number reduction is involved in upregulation of IGF1-R in CRC cells .	9	93
Downregulation of miR-497 and miR-195 appeared to associate with copy number loss of a segment of chromosome 17p13.1 , where these miRs are located at proximity .	
Similarly to miR-195 , the members of the same miR family , miR-424 that was upregulated , and miR-15a , miR-15b and miR-16 that were unaltered in expression in CRC tissues compared with paired adjacent normal mucosa , did not appear to have a role in regulating the expression of IGF1-R .	
This was associated with inhibition of cell survival , proliferation and invasion , and increased sensitivity to apoptosis induced by various stimuli including the chemotherapeutic drugs cisplatin and 5-fluorouracil , and the death ligand tumour necrosis factor-related apoptosis-inducing ligand .	11	1	9	8	81
The biological effect of miR-497 on CRC cells was largely mediated by inhibition of phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase/Akt signalling , as overexpression of an active form of Akt reversed its impact on cell survival and proliferation , recapitulating the effect of overexpression of IGF1-R .	921	93	9	92
In clinical specimens of glioblastoma multiforme , we found that immunohistochemical expression of PDK1 , EGFR , and HIF-1\u03b1 were elevated in glioblastoma multiforme specimens when compared with normal brain tissues .	
AR expression is frequently up-regulated in HCC tissues and cells through mechanisms not completely known .	
Adhesion to the extracellular matrix ( ECM ) is critical for epithelial tissue homeostasis and function .	
RNAi-mediated attenuation of PDK1 and EGFR lowered PDK1-EGFR activation and decreased HIF-1\u03b1 expression , shifting the Warburg phenotype to OXPHOS and inhibiting glioblastoma multiforme growth and proliferation .	31	3
The median percentage of PCNA positivity was significantly higher in ERalpha positive than in ERalpha negative tumors ( 25 vs. 5% ) ( P=0.0031 ) .	9	93
BACKGROUND/AIMS Adenocarcinoma of the gallbladder is a highly malignant neoplasm. p16 is a tumor suppressor gene protein , which is a cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor that regulates the G1-S phase of the cell cycle .	
There were no statistically significant differences in the percentage of tumors positively stained for neu , apoptosis , or PCNA , in control vs. soy treated rats .	9	81	8
The percentage of PR positive tumors was 34.2% in control animals vs. 2.6% in tumors from soy treated rats ( P=0.0006 ) .	9	93
Moreover , the percentage of cases which were both ERalpha and ERbeta positive was significantly lower ( 17.6% ) in soy treated than in control animals ( 51.3% ) ( P=0.006 ) .	9	93
The percentage of ERbeta positive tumors was 70.3% in masses from control animals vs. 50.0% in tumors from soy exposed animals ( P=0.066 ) .	9	93
The percentage of ERalpha positive tumors was 65.8% in masses from control animals , and significantly dropped to 36.8% in tumors from soy treated rats ( P=0.010 ) .	9	93
The aim of this study was to extend our previous observations on the soy modulation of biochemical parameters in 7,12-dimethylbenz[a]anthracene ( DMBA)-induced rat mammary tumors , by simultaneously investigating the expression of estrogen receptor-alpha ( ERalpha ) , estrogen receptor-beta ( ERbeta ) , progesterone receptor ( PR ) , apoptosis , neu , and markers of cell proliferation , such as proliferating cell nuclear antigen ( PCNA ) by immunohistochemistry .	
METHODOLOGY Formalin-fixed , paraffin-embedded tissue sections from 20 cases of normal gallbladder , 20 cases of chronic cholecystitis , 20 cases of gallbladder adenoma , 20 cases of dysplasia , and 58 cases of adenocarcinoma were examined .	
Moreover , an association was found between PCNA and neu status since all neu positive tumors were also PCNA positive ( P=0.011 ) .	
In this study , we have corrected this mutation and have evaluated the effect of mutations of either the E1 or the E2 gene on the efficiency of HPV-16 immortalization of human keratinocytes .	
Previous studies defining the viral genes affecting HPV-16 transformation functions have used the " prototype " viral genome , which was cloned from a human cervical carcinoma and later discovered to harbor a mutation in the E1 gene .	
In these cancers , the viral DNAs are often integrated into the host genome so that expression of the E1 and the E2 genes is lost , suggesting that disruption of these regulatory genes plays an important role in carcinogenic progression .	
The expression of p16 was evaluated by immunohistochemical analysis .	
Surprisingly , the mutation of these sites only partially relieved the negative effect of E2 on viral immortalization , implicating additional mechanisms in the E2 repression of viral immortalization functions .	6	63	4	41
E2 negatively regulates the P97 promoter through binding at adjacent sites .	
Mutations were also generated in the E2-binding sites located upstream of the P97 promoter , which directs synthesis of the viral E6 and E7 transforming genes .	63	6
Mutation of either the E1 gene or the E2 gene in the background of a " wild-type " HPV-16 genome markedly increased immortalization capacity .	6	63	4	41
The DNA repair protein Ku70 is a key player in chemoresistance to anticancer agents ( e.g. , etoposide ) or radioresistance .	
Our results provide genetic evidence that the E1 and E2 gene products each can repress HPV-16 immortalization and support the hypothesis that a selective growth advantage is provided by integration of the viral genome in a manner that causes the loss of expression of either E1 or E2 .	4	41
In gallbladder adenomas , expression of p16 was found in 20% ( 4/20 ) .	
In low grade dyspalsias , expression of p16 was not found .	
We propose that inhibition of NF-κB can reduce intracellular GSH in " NF-κB-positive " cancers thereby improving the efficacy of oxidative stress-based anti-cancer therapy .	a21	a2	a
The aim of the present study was to determine how DNA methylation affected the expression of the THRB gene in differentiated thyroid cancer ( DTC ) and how reexpression of the THRB gene attenuated the cancer phenotypes .	
Genetic ablation of the \u03b11 catalytic subunit of AMPK accelerates Myc-induced lymphomagenesis .	
Here we show that AMPK negatively regulates aerobic glycolysis ( the Warburg effect ) in cancer cells and suppresses tumor growth invivo .	31	3
Despite evidence linking AMPK with tumor suppressor functions , the role of AMPK in tumorigenesis and tumor metabolism isunknown .	
AMPK is a metabolic sensor that helps maintain cellular energy homeostasis .	
Together our findings suggest that AMPK activity opposes tumor development and that its loss fosters tumor progression in part by regulating cellular metabolic pathways that support cell growth and proliferation .	
These metabolic effects require normoxic stabilization of the hypoxia-inducible factor-1\u03b1 ( HIF-1\u03b1 ) , as silencing HIF-1\u03b1 reverses the shift to aerobic glycolysis and the biosynthetic and proliferative advantages conferred by reduced AMPK\u03b1 signaling .	3
Inactivation of AMPK\u03b1 in both transformed and nontransformed cells promotes a metabolic shift to aerobic glycolysis , increased allocation of glucose carbon into lipids , and biomass accumulation .	3
Treatment of FTC-236 cells with 5'-aza-CdR or zebularine induced reexpression of the THRB gene and inhibited cell proliferation and migration .	9	11	1
Cellular senescence , an irreversible cell cycle arrest induced by a diversity of stimuli , has been considered as an innate tumor suppressing mechanism with implications and applications in cancer therapy .	
Hypoxia is known to drive the aggressive character of glioblastoma multiforme by promoting aerobic glycolysis rather than pyruvate oxidation carried out in mitochondria ( OXPHOS ) , a phenomenon termed the Warburg effect , which is a general feature of oncogenesis .	
The promoter methylation level of the THRB gene had a significant negative correlation with the expression level of the THRB gene .	
THRB mRNA expression in DTC was 90% lower than in normal controls , and this decrease was associated with a higher tumor/lymph node staging .	
We have examined the expression of VHL mutant RNA in 84 ccRCC tumours previously screened for mutations in genomic DNA , 56 of which contained 52 unique mutations or polymorphisms .	
Thyroid cancer cells with hypermethylated THRB were treated with the demethylating agents 5'-aza-2'-deoxycytidine ( 5'-aza-CdR ) and zebularine to evaluate their impact on the cancer cell phenotypes .	
Overexpression of the EGF receptor ( EGFR ) is recognized as a widespread oncogenic signature in glioblastoma multiforme , but the complexity of its contributions is not fully understood , nor the most effective ways to leverage anti-EGFR therapy in this setting .	
Furthermore , upregulation of miR-370 promoted the entry of DU145 and LNCaP prostate cancer cells into the G1/S cell cycle transition , which was associated with downregulation of the cyclin-dependent kinase ( CDK ) inhibitors , p27(Kip1) and p21(Cip1) , and upregulation of the cell-cycle regulator cyclin D1 mRNA .	
Ectopic expression of miR-370 induced proliferation and increased the anchorage-independent growth and colony formation ability of DU145 and LNCaP prostate cancer cells , while inhibition of miR-370 reduced proliferation , anchorage-independent growth and colony formation ability .	
Growth factor-mediated stimulation of AP-1 was attributable to MEK/ERK-dependent stabilization of RACO-1 protein .	921	92	9
Taken together , our results suggest that miR-370 plays an important role in the proliferation of human prostate cancer cells , by directly suppressing the tumor suppressor FOXO1 .	
In this study , we report the detection of two novel private CNVs simultaneously in a male patient with autism .	
Additionally , we demonstrated that miR-370 can downregulate expression of FOXO1 by directly targeting the FOXO1 3'-untranslated region .	
These two CNVs include a microduplication of Mb at chromosome 4q12-13.1 that was transmitted from his mother and a microdeletion of Mb at 5q32 that was transmitted from his father .	
Therefore , it is puzzling why FOXO protein expression is downregulated in cancer cells .	
Autism is a childhood-onset neurodevelopmental disorder with complex genetic mechanism underlying its etiology .	
Forkhead box protein O1 ( FOXO1 ) , a key member of the FOXO family of transcription factors , acts as a tumor suppressor and has been associated with various key cellular functions , including cell growth , differentiation , apoptosis and angiogenesis .	
Neutralization of endogenous carboxyalkylpyrroles impaired wound healing and tissue revascularization and diminished tumour angiogenesis .	7	71
Recent studies revealed that a few single de novo copy number variants of genomic DNA ( copy number variants [ CNVs] ) are pathogenic and causal in some sporadic cases , adding support to the hypothesis that some sporadic autism might be caused by single rare mutation with large clinical effect .	
In the current study , we report that miR-370 expression was significantly upregulated in five prostate cancer cell lines , compared to normal prostatic epithelial ( PrEC ) cells .	
RACO-1 interacted with c-Jun independently of amino-terminal phosphorylation , and was both necessary and sufficient for c-Jun/AP-1 activation .	
Our findings indicate that each of these two CNVs alone may not be pathogenic enough to cause clinical symptoms in their respective carriers , and hence they can be transmitted within each individual family .	
MicroRNAs , non-coding 20 nucleotide single-stranded RNAs , result in translational repression or degradation and gene silencing of their target genes , and significantly contribute to the regulation of gene expression .	
Median follow-up was 193 months .	
However , concomitant presence of these two CNVs might result in the clinical phenotypes of the affected patient reported here .	
The presence of XMRV transcripts significantly increases secretion of osteopontin ( OPN ) , CXCL14 , IL13 and TIMP2 in 22Rv1 cells .	
Here , we demonstrate that 22Rv1 cells with reduced retroviral transcription show reduced tumor angiogenesis and increased necrosis of the primary tumor derived from xenografted cells in scid mice when compared to the parental cell line .	83	7	71	8
Collectively , our data suggest that the presence of XMRV transcripts at least partially contributes to 22Rv1 characteristics observed in vitro and in vivo with regard to migration , invasion and tumor angiogenesis .	11	1	7	71
Fifty-six also underwent inguinal node dissection .	
Recently , this cell line was shown to harbor multiple copies of a gammaretrovirus , called XMRV , integrated in its genome .	
Several genes such as LPHN3 , POU4F3 , SH3RF2 , and TCERG1 mapped to these two regions have psychiatric implications .	
Although XMRV most likely was generated by recombination events in cell culture this virus has been demonstrated to infect human cells in vitro and 22Rv1 as well as CWR-R1 cells are now considered biosafety 2 reagents .	
While the original prostate cancer xenograft CWR22 is free of any retrovirus , subsequently generated cell lines 22Rv1 and CWR-R1 , carry this virus and additionally shed infectious gammaretroviral particles in their supernatant .	
Fifty-nine patients ( 76% ) underwent radical vulvectomy , ten patients ( 13% ) had a partial vulvectomy , and nine patients ( 12% ) had a wide local excision .	
However , the parents had only mild degree of attention deficit symptoms but did not demonstrate any obvious autistic symptoms or psychopathology .	
We propose that data received with 22Rv1 cells or equivalent cells carrying xenotropic gammaretroviruses should be carefully controlled including other prostate cancer cell lines tested for viral sequences .	
Primary tumors were assessed according to Chung ( 47 patients ) and Breslow ( 65 patients ) microstaging systems .	
Thus , in the absence of genetic evidence , a cell-based HDR assay can provide a probability of pathogenicity for all VUS in the BRCA2 DBD , suggesting that the assay can be used in combination with other information to determine the cancer relevance of BRCA2 VUS .	
A significant correlation was found between the diameter of necrosis in each sequence of HR-MRI and that in the gross specimens ( r = 0.84-0.91 , p = 0.03- < 0.003 ) .	83	8
The ratios of Lac/Cr in the tumors of the irradiation groups were significantly higher than those in the control groups after 1 day and 3 days of irradiation ( p = 0.04 , and p = 0.02 ) .	
Compared with the known status of these variants based on the multifactorial likelihood model , the sensitivity of the HDR assay for pathogenic mutations was estimated at 100% [ 95% confidence interval ( CI ) : 75.3%-100% ] and specificity was estimated at 100% ( 95% CI : 81.5%-100% ) .	63	6
The immortalized leiomyoma and myometrial cells showed no anchorage-independent growth , with the exception of a small subpopulation of immortalized leiomyoma cells at a higher passage that did form two to three small colonies ( per 50,000 cells ) in soft agar .	4	41
Here , we classified six new variants as pathogenic or nonpathogenic by analysis of genetic information from families carrying 64 individual BRCA2 DNA binding domain ( DBD ) missense mutations using a multifactorial likelihood model of cancer causality .	
The relevance of many BRCA2 variants of uncertain significance ( VUS ) to breast cancer has not been determined due to limited genetic information from families carrying these alterations .	
The irradiation group underwent HR-MRI and ( 1)H-MRS using a microscopy coil at 1 , 3 , 7 or 14 days after irradiation .	
Rabbits in the control group were subjected to HR-MRI and ( 1)H-MRS at the same time intervals .	
The purpose of this study was to evaluate the usefulness of high-resolution MRI ( HR-MRI ) and proton MR spectroscopy ( (1)H-MRS ) for monitoring the early therapeutic response to radiotherapy .	
Twenty rabbits with VX2 carcinoma were divided into control ( n = 8 ) and irradiation ( n = 12 ) groups .	
Nine patients in the high-dose group and two in the low-dose group experienced life-threatening opportunistic infections ( P = 0.009 ) .	
In addition , the ratios of Cho/Cr and Lac/Cr were compared between the tumor and necrotic area in each irradiation group .	83	8
All rabbits were killed after imaging and subjected to histopathologic examinations .	
The diameter of necrosis by HR-MRI was then compared to that on the gross specimens .	
The sera of patients with advanced breast cancer significantly reduced NK cell activity .	
Our results indicate that IL-2 significantly increased the activity of NK cells of controls and breast cancer patients .	2	21
Modulating effect of the applied factors after in vitro treatment of PBL was evaluated by the cytotoxic assay using 51chromium .	
Modulation of NK cells was performed with IL-2 , IL-7 , IL-12 , TNFalpha , monoclonal antibodies ( mAb ) for TNFalpha and TNFalpha receptors type I and II , as well as with sera of healthy controls and patients with breast cancer in different clinical stages .	
The investigation of the activity of NK cells was performed on peripheral blood lymphocytes ( PBL ) of 16 healthy controls and of 40 patients with metastatic breast carcinoma .	
NK cells are activated and increase their cytotoxic potential and modulate their cytokine production after treatment with IFNgamma , IL-12 , TNFalpha and IL-2 .	
One of the most efficient subpopulations of cytotoxic cells in the destruction of tumors are NK cells .	
The immune system has an important role in tumor appearance and spreading .	
The presence of anti-TNFalpha mAb did not change the inhibitory effect of the sera of breast cancer patients with advanced disease on the activity of NK cells of controls and patients with breast cancer .	
IL-7 , IL-12 and mAb for TNFalpha do not significantly change the activity of NK cells .	
IgM , IgA , C3 , and C4 plasma concentrations did not exhibit any consistent association with TCDD levels .	
We performed a systematic review of all the articles published between 1966 and 2001 on human subjects exposed to TCDD reporting information on circulating levels of immunoglobulins and/or complement components .	
Median IgG concentration decreased from 1,526 mg/dL in the group with the lowest ( < 3.5 ppt ) TCDD levels to 1,163 mg/dL in the group with the highest ( 20.1-89.9 ppt ) TCDD levels ( p = 0.002 ) .	2	21
The association was significant ( p = 0.0004 ) after adjusting for age , sex , smoking , and consumption of domestic livestock and poultry in multiple regression analysis and persisted after exclusion of subjects with inflammatory diseases and those using antibiotics or nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs .	
Nearly 20 years after the Seveso , Italy , accident , we measured immunoglobulin and complement plasma levels in a random sample of the population in the most highly exposed zones ( n = 62 ) and in the surrounding noncontaminated area ( n = 58 ) .	
Plasma IgG levels decreased with increasing TCDD plasma concentration ( r = -0.35 , p = 0.0002 ) .	2	21
Animal studies indicate that the immune system is one of the most sensitive targets of the toxic effects of 2,3,7,8-tetrachloro-p-dibenzodioxin ( TCDD ) .	
TCDD inhibits immunoglobulin secretion and decreases resistance to bacterial , viral , and parasitic infections in exposed animals .	
In conclusion , our studies propose that mAb combinations negate the biological effects of growth factors on invasive growth of HER2-overexpressing cells .	9	92
Importantly , while growth factors are able to reduce intraluminal apoptosis and induce an invasive phenotype , combinations of mAbs better than single mAbs can reverse the growth factor-induced phenotypes of HER2-overexpressing spheroids .	9	92
Hence , combining mAbs offers a therapeutic strategy , potentially able to enhance clinical efficacy of existing antireceptor immunotherapeutics .	
We previously reported that combinations of antibodies directed at non-overlapping epitopes of HER2 are endowed with enhanced antitumor effects , probably due to accelerated receptor degradation .	
Monoclonal antibodies ( mAbs ) to HER2 are currently used to treat breast cancer , but low clinical efficacy , along with primary and acquired resistance to therapy , commonly limit clinical applications .	
Collectively , our in vitro assays and computational image analyses indicate that combining mAbs against different epitopes of HER2 better inhibits invasive growth .	11	93	9	1
Here , we extend these observations to three-dimensional mammary cell models , and compare the effects of single mAbs with the effects of antibody combinations .	
Thus RACO-1 is a co-activator that links c-Jun to growth factor signalling and is essential for AP-1 function in proliferation .	9	92
Cultures at later passages or the 4th day after exposure to H(2)O(2) showed increased frequencies of mitotic cells with supernumerary centrosomes , especially in a polyploid subpopulation .	
Moreover , transgenic overexpression of RACO-1 augmented intestinal tumour formation triggered by aberrant Wnt signalling and cooperated with oncogenic Ras in colonic hyperproliferation .	
Hence , although both Akt and c-Myc promote aerobic glycolysis , they differentially affect mitochondrial functions and render cells susceptible to the perturbation of cellular metabolic programs .	31	3
A reductionist view would predict that a small number of basic pathways are generally perturbed by arsenic , and manifest as diverse diseases .	
Understanding how arsenic exacts its diverse , global disease burden is hampered by a limited understanding of the particular biological pathways that are disrupted by arsenic and underlie pathogenesis .	
Expanded studies in one such cell line , the non-malignant pulmonary epithelial line , BEAS-2B , established that the arsenite-induced Warburg effect was associated with increased accumulation of intracellular and extracellular lactate , an increased rate of extracellular acidification , and inhibition by the non-metabolized glucose analog , 2-deoxy-D-glucose .	31	3
Following an initial observation that arsenite-exposed cells in culture acidify their media more rapidly than control cells , the report here shows that low level exposure to arsenite ( 75ppb ) is sufficient to induce aerobic glycolysis ( the Warburg effect ) as a generalized phenomenon in cultured human primary cells and cell lines .	31	3
Arsenite-induced alteration of energy production in human cells represents the type of fundamental perturbation that could extend to many tissue targets and diseases .	
RACO-1 depletion reduced cellular proliferation and decreased expression of several growth-associated AP-1 target genes , such as cdc2 , cyclinD1 and hb-egf .	
Co-stimulation with EGF and IL-1β synergistically increased ERK1/2 and AP-1 activation , cell migration and invasion , and MMP-9 expression and activity .	11	1
Individually , epidermal growth factor ( EGF ) , and interleukin ( IL)-1β activated ERK1/2 , increased cell migration and invasion , MMP-9 expression and activity , AP-1 activation in vitro and the expression of p-ERK1/2 was positively correlated with EGF expression levels , as well as IL-1β , MMP-9 and c-fos in IBDC tissue samples .	11	1	92	9
Activator protein ( AP)-1 activity was measured with a luciferase reporter gene assay .	
Matrix metalloproteinase ( MMP)-9 expression and activity were analyzed by RT-PCR , Western blotting and zymography .	
RESULTS Phosphorylated ERK1/2 was detected in 58/80 ( 72.5% ) IBDC tissues , and was associated with higher TNM stage and lymph node metastasis , but not patient age or tumor size .	1	12
The Wilcoxon signed-rank test , Chi-square test , the partition of Chi-square test , independent t-test , and Spearman's method were used for the statistical analysis .	
Little is known about the synergistic action of growth and inflammatory factors in IBDC metastases .	
BACKGROUND Patients with invasive breast ductal carcinoma ( IBDC ) with metastasis have a very poor prognosis .	
BT474 IBDC cell migration and invasion were quantified using the Transwell assay .	
METHODS The expression of activated extracellular signal-regulated kinase1/2 ( phosphorylated or p-ERK1/2 ) was analyzed by immunohistochemistry in IBDC tissue samples from 80 cases .	
For in vivo studies , irradiated athymic nude mice were engrafted with the Ramos lymphoma .	
Treatment was initiated when the tumors were cm in diameter , and toxic and therapeutic effects were monitored .	
Ramos and the RL cell lines proved sensitive to rituximab and were used to test the effects of each of the two drugs .	
The two agents exhibited synergism at all tested concentrations .	
Several Diffuse Large Cell Lymphoma ( DLCL ) lines and Burkitt cell lines were tested for sensitivity to plitidepsin and rituximab .	
All DLCL and Burkitt lymphoma cell lines were inhibited by plitidepsin in nanomolar concentrations , while rituximab sensitivity varied among different cell lines .	
Plitidepsin ( Aplidin ) , an antitumor agent of marine origin , presently is undergoing phase II/III clinical trials , and has shown promise for the treatment of lymphoma .	
Here , we describe the antitumor effects of plitidepsin alone and in combination with rituximab and investigated the effects of each drug and the combination on the cell cycle and mechanism of cell death .	
Stimulation of the MEK/ERK pathway strongly promoted Lys 63-linked ubiquitylation of RACO-1 , which antagonized Lys 48-linked degradative auto-ubiquitylation of the same Lys residues .	
In the in vivo study , additive effects of the combined two drugs , was demonstrated without an increase in host toxicity .	
The in vitro synergy and the in vivo additive antitumor effects without an increase in host toxicity with two relatively non-marrow suppressive agents encourages further development of this combination for treatment of aggressive B-cell lymphomas .	
RESULTS In the limited number of cases in which paired comparisons were possible , the expression of TS and Ki67 was significantly higher in metastases than in the matched primary tumour samples ( p = 0.014 and 0.016 , respectively ) , whereas Rb expression was lower in metastases than in primary tumours ( p = 0.024 ) .	9	1	12
Fas receptor expression was high in normal mucosa but absent in primary tumours and metastases , whereas the opposite was seen for p53 .	8	12	81	1
The expression of thymidylate synthase ( TS ) , p53 , retinoblastoma protein ( Rb ) , Fas receptor , Fas ligand , bcl-2 , mcl-1 , bax , and bcl-x was measured using immunohistochemistry .	
Proliferation was determined by Ki67 staining , whereas apoptosis was assessed by M30 immunostaining , which recognises cleaved cytokeratin 18 .	
METHODS The expression of proteins involved in these processes was investigated in 48 metastases from patients with colorectal cancer and compared with eight normal colon mucosa samples and 14 primary tumours .	
Both primary tumours and metastases were obtained from eight patients .	
AIMS Tumour cell growth results from a disturbance in the balance between the rate of proliferation and cell death .	
In this study , proteins involved in the regulation of cell cycle arrest and apoptosis were studied as possible factors responsible for uncontrolled cell growth in colorectal cancer .	
The expression of bax , mcl-1 , and bcl-x in normal mucosa was more apical than that seen in malignant cells , where a more diffuse expression pattern was seen ( p < 0.04 ) .	
Apoptosis was more abundant in primary tumours than in metastases .	8	12	81	1
Immunohistochemical assessment of the expression of angiogenic factors ( fetal liver kinase-1 , angiopoietin-2 , angiopoietin receptor-2 and vascular endothelial growth factor A ) and conventional endothelial markers ( CD31 , factor VIII-related antigen ) revealed variable expression , particularly in undifferentiated HSAs .	71	7	711
Survival time post splenectomy was independent of the growth pattern ; however , it was influenced by chemotherapy and metastases .	1	12
The most common pattern of growth was a mixture of cavernous , capillary and solid tumour tissue .	
Splenic haemangiosarcomas ( HSAs ) from 122 dogs were characterized and classified according to their patterns of growth , survival time post splenectomy , metastases and chemotherapy .	
Therefore , a combination of endothelial markers should be used to confirm the endothelial origin of splenic tumours .	
Our objective is to study the biological effects of low energy protons on epithelial cells and its propensity to enhance transforming growth factor beta 1 ( TGFβ1)-mediated epithelial-mesenchymal transition ( EMT ) , a process occurring during tumor progression and critical for invasion and metastasis .	
The potential for these exposures to lead to , or enhance cancer risk has not been well studied .	
In addition , protons are a major constituent of the space radiation astronauts receive during space flights .	
Proton radiotherapy has gained more favor among oncologists as a treatment option for localized and deep-seated tumors .	
Protons alone can also induce a mild induction of EMT .	11	1
Although TGFβ1 treatment alone is able to induce EMT in both Mv1Lu and EPC cells , low energy protons ( 5 MeV ) at doses as low as 0.1 Gy can enhance TGFβ1 induced EMT .	11	1
EMT was identified by alterations in cell morphology , EMT-related gene expression changes determined using real-time PCR , and EMT changes in specific cellular markers detected by immunostaining and western blotting .	
Non-transformed mink lung epithelial cells ( Mv1Lu ) and hTERT- immortalized human esophageal epithelial cells ( EPC ) were used in this study .	
Western blot analyses revealed that EEAR elevated the expression of p53 and p21(Waf/Cip1) and decreased the expression of the regulator proteins of G2/M phase progression , such as cdc2 and cyclin B. The upregulation of p53 by EEAR was due to the increased levels of p53 mRNA without a similar increase in proteasome-mediated p53 degradation .	
EEAR-induced apoptosis was observed in parallel with activation of caspases and an increased ratio of Bax ( pro-apoptotic)/Bcl2 ( anti-apoptotic ) .	8	81
We suggest a model for EMT after proton irradiation in normal and cancerous tissue based on our results that showed that low and high doses of protons can sensitize normal human epithelial cells to mesenchymal transition , more prominently in the presence of TGFβ1 , but also in the absence of TGFβ1 .	11	1
SD208 , a potent TGFβ Receptor 1 ( TGFβR1 ) kinase inhibitor , can efficiently block TGFβ1/Smad signaling and attenuate EMT induction .	11	1
However , only limited information on the anticancer effects of A. radix is currently available .	
Radix of Asiasarum heterotropoides var. mandshuricum F. Maekawa ( A. radix ) has been prescribed for treating pain , allergies and inflammatory disorders in traditional oriental medicine .	
We also observed that the cell invasion rate decreased only after exposure to the anti-PK-R2 antibody .	
The study showed that the EG-VEGF protein may act on MMP-2 , -7 and -9 via PK-R2 to strengthen cell invasion ability in colon cancer cell lines .	
Female non-smokers in this population had PAH-related DNA adduct levels three to four times higher than smokers and occupationally-exposed groups in previous studies , with large inter-individual variation which could best be explained by a combination of Phase I genes and NER capacity .	61	62	611	6
Collectively , these findings support the conclusion that cellular DDR proteins inhibit AAV transduction and that terminal cell differentiation relieves this restriction .	
The results showed that miR-18a expression was strongly stimulated by radiation .	
We hypothesized that aberrant cell signaling occurs in CRLF2-rearranged ALL and can be targeted by signal transduction inhibitors of this pathway .	
Treatment of proliferating cells with short-interfering RNAs ( siRNAs ) against the MRN proteins , or with microRNA-24 , which is normally upregulated upon terminal differentiation and negatively controls the Nbs1 levels , significantly increased permissivity to AAV transduction .	
Gene therapy vectors based on the adeno-associated virus ( AAV ) are extremely efficient for gene transfer into post-mitotic cells of heart , muscle , brain , and retina .	
Maintaining the integrity of the cell cycle is critical for ensuring that cells only undergo DNA replication and proliferation under controlled conditions in response to discrete stimuli .	
One mechanism by which the fidelity of this process is guaranteed is through the activation of cell cycle checkpoints .	
The mitotic spindle checkpoint , which is regulated by Aurora B kinase , ensures proper kinetochore attachment to chromosomes leading to equal distribution of chromosomes to daughter cells .	
We demonstrated that the mitogen-activated protein kinase ( MAPK ) cascade regulates mitotic progression and the spindle checkpoint .	921	92	9
As demonstrated by immunofluorescence at kinetochores , depletion of Raf Kinase Inhibitory Protein ( RKIP ) , an inhibitor of Raf/MEK/ERK signaling , causes an increase in MAPK activity that inhibits Aurora B kinase activity .	921	92	9
By monitoring mitotic index and transit time from nuclear envelope breakdown to anaphase , we demonstrated that RKIP depletion leads to a defective spindle checkpoint and genomic instability , particularly in response to drugs that disrupt microtubule function .	91	9	6
Microarray analysis of MKK6EE cells showed a pattern of gene expression noted previously in Werner Syndrome and senescent fibroblasts .	42	4
The PI3K/mTOR pathway inhibitors rapamycin , PI103 , and PP242 also inhibited activated signal transduction and translational machinery proteins of the PI3K/mTOR pathway , suggesting that signal transduction inhibitors targeting this pathway also may have therapeutic relevance for patients with CRLF2-rearranged ALL and merit further preclinical testing .	
These data suggest TPO-R agonists will likely preferentially stimulate proliferation and differentiation of cells of megakaryocytic lineage , potentially demonstrating their utility for correcting thrombocytopenia in clinical settings .	
There are concerns that use of certain growth factors can hasten disease progression in some types of hematologic malignancies and solid tumors .	
Thrombopoietin ( TPO ) receptor agonists represent a new approach for the treatment of thrombocytopenia , which may develop as a consequence of immune thrombocytopenia , chemotherapy treatment , chronic hepatitis C infection , or myelodysplastic syndromes .	
MPL mRNA is expressed at very low or undetectable levels compared with erythropoietin receptor ( EPOR ) , human epidermal growth factor ( ERBB2 ; HER2 ) , and insulin-like growth factor-1 receptor ( IGF1R ) in these patient samples .	9	93	92
In this study , expression of MPL ( TPO-R ) mRNA was examined in tumor cell lines , patient tumor samples ( renal cell carcinoma , prostatic carcinoma , soft tissue and bony/cartilage sarcoma , colon cancer , and lymphoma ) , and normal tissues using microarray analysis and qRT-PCR .	
This study displays additional mechanisms involved in osteoclast/MMC interaction and suggests using CCR2 and/or insulin growth factor-1 targeting strategies to block this interaction and prevent drug resistance .	9	92
JAK inhibition abrogated phosphorylation of JAK/STAT and , surprisingly , of PI3K/mTOR pathway members , suggesting an interconnection between these signaling networks and providing a rationale for testing JAK inhibitors in clinical trials .	921	92	9
BCL6 overrides the senescence response downstream of p53 through a process that requires induction of cyclin D1 expression , as cyclin D1 knockout fibroblasts are specifically resistant to BCL6 immortalization .	42	41	9	4	91
BCL6 efficiently immortalizes primary mouse embryonic fibroblasts and cooperates with RAS in oncogenic transformation .	4	41
Our results suggest that BCL6 contributes to oncogenesis by rendering cells unresponsive to antiproliferative signals from the p19(ARF)-p53 pathway .	
We show that BCL6 expression also dramatically extends the replicative lifespan of primary human B cells in culture and induces cyclin D1 expression , indicating that BCL6 has a similar activity in lymphoid cells .	91	9
I219V substitution is a polymorphism having no association with the disease onset or segregation .	
The family members harbouring this mutation were advised to be under regular medical surveillance .	
BCL6 is frequently activated in non-Hodgkin's lymphoma , but its mechanism of action has remained unclear .	
Using retroviral cDNA expression libraries , we identify BCL6 as a potent inhibitor of senescence .	42	4
Upon subculture , the cell morphology on these substrates was strikingly different .	
On polylysine , the predominant cell type had numerous irregular microvilli whereas on gelatin , cells had smoother boundaries with a few stunted cytoplasmic extensions .	
Cells dissociated from spontaneous and transplanted tumours of C3HJax mammary gland have been cultured on polylysine and gelatin substrates .	
The isolated cells proliferated to form monolayers with high degree of organoid structure as indicated by formation of alveolar cavities .	
Differences were observed in the cell attachment , growth pattern , number and size of alveolar cavities , cells which lined the cavity and cell morphology on polylysine and gelatin substrates as compared to conventional cell culture plastic surface .	
On polylysine more than 90% cells attached rapidly , within 15-45 min after plating , with or without serum and formed confluent monolayers marked by presence of large and small alveolar cavities .	
Multiple interacting cell types took part in organization of the cavity .	
Cells lining the cavity constantly proliferated and rearranged to expand it .	
Cell proliferation assays using ELISA revealed that overnight incubation with 5-10 micro M tamoxifen inhibited cell proliferation by 20% , and 20 micro M tamoxifen killed all cells .	9
Cells forming the cavities were epithelial in nature and cavities once formed did not increase in size .	
Transition from normal surface epithelium to tumor cells was identified in both cases .	
METHODS To test this hypothesis , we isolated CD24-/low/CD44+ tumor-initiating cells ( as mammospheres ) from MCF-7 breast cancer cells grown in adherent monolayer culture , and carried out a comprehensive comparison of cell death and DNA damage response pathways prior to and after exposure to ionizing radiation in mammospheres and monolayer MCF-7 cells .	
Cell cycle analysis using fluorescent cytometry revealed G2/M phase arrest , which indicates the compound deserves consideration for further studies against cancer .	9	51	511	5	91
GSH and GR levels were found to be reduced after the compound treatment .	8	81
Analysis of mechanisms showed nuclear fragmentation and DNA laddering in gel electrophoresis .	8	81
An IC50 value of > or = 80 microM , nontoxic to the normal breast cell line HBL-100 , showed complete inhibition of the MCF-7 cells .	
A novel compound 2-arylidene-4,7-dimethyl indan-1-one synthesized was screened for anticancer effect against the human breast adenocarcinoma cell line , MCF-7 .	
The papillae were complex and tightly packed with hyalinized fibrovascular cores and lined by columnar and pseudostratified cells with intervening spindle-shaped cells .	
Cytotoxicity was shown in manganese-treated groups ( 100 , 200 , 400 , and 800microM of MnCl(2) ) , and cell viability was decreased to 58.8% of the control group at 2days after treatment with 800microM of MnCl(2) .	
This study reports the novel finding that the induction of p21 Waf1/Cip1 and activity of the Fas/mFas ligand apoptotic system may participate in the antiproliferative activity of IOB in T24 cells .	51	5	511	8	81
Enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay showed that the G0/G1 phase arrest is because of increase in the expression of p21 Waf1/Cip1 .	511	5	51
Manganese , an essential trace nutrient in human beings , has been widely used in the steel industry to improve hardness , stiffness , and strength .	
Isolinderanolide B ( IOB ) , a butanolide extracted from the stems of Cinnamomum subavenium , was investigated for its antiproliferative activity in T24 human bladder cancer cells .	
To identity the anticancer mechanism of IOB , its effect on apoptosis , cell cycle distribution , and levels of p53 , p21 Waf1/Cip1 , Fas/APO-1 receptor , and Fas ligand was assayed .	
With the increased applications of manganese compounds , discharge into the environment has rapidly increased and may exert adverse effects on human health .	
ROS also triggered pro-inflammatory responses in cultured T98G cells , which were demonstrated by the increased gene expression and protein levels of IL-6 and IL-8 .	a21	a2	a
No significant difference was seen in the rates of double-strand break repair ( DSBR ) between the two cell types , but DSBR in mammospheres appears to by-pass the need for H2AX phosphorylation .	62	6
With the generation of ROS , the increased activity of caspase-3 was shown , and was followed by chromatin condensation and breakage , which is an indication of the cellular apoptotic process .	8	81
The HPV6 genes , alone or together ( HPV6 E6 plus HPV6 E7 ) , were not able to immortalize cells .	4	41
However the HPV6 E6 gene , in concert with HPV16 E7 , increased the frequency of immortalization threefold over that obtained with HPV16 E7 alone .	4	41
Previous studies have shown that the E7 gene of human papillomavirus ( HPV ) type 16 or 18 alone was sufficient for immortalization of human foreskin epithelial cells ( HFE ) and that the efficiency was increased in cooperation with the respective E6 gene , whereas the HPV6 E6 or E7 gene was not active in HFE .	
To detect weak immortalizing activities of the HPV6 genes , cells were infected with recombinant retroviruses containing HPV genes , alone and in homologous and heterologous combinations .	
Acute expression of the HPV6 and HPV16 E6 and E7 genes revealed that only HPV16 E7 was able to stimulate the proliferation of cells in organotypic culture , resulting in increased expression of the proliferative cell nuclear antigen and the formation of a disorganized epithelial layer .	91	9
Additionally , combinations of genes that immortalized HFE cells ( HPV16 E6 plus HPV16 E7 , HPV16 E6 plus HPV6 E7 , and HPV6 E6 plus HPV16 E7 ) also stimulated proliferation .	4	41
Interestingly , 6 of 20 clones containing the HPV16 E6 gene and the HPV6 E7 gene were immortalized , whereas neither gene alone was sufficient .	4	41
Thus , the HPV6 E6 and E7 genes have weak immortalizing activities which can be detected in cooperation with the more active transforming genes of HPV16 .	4	41
This highlights the need for identifying biomarkers that may effectively contribute to prediction of recurrence and tumor spread .	
In cancer cells , the aberrant conversion of pyruvate into lactate instead of acetyl-CoA in the presence of oxygen is known as the Warburg effect .	
The consequences and mechanisms of this metabolic peculiarity are incompletely understood .	
Here we report that p53 status is a key determinant of the Warburg effect .	31	3
Wild-type p53 expression decreased levels of pyruvate dehydrogenase kinase-2 ( Pdk2 ) and the product of its activity , the inactive form of the pyruvate dehydrogenase complex ( P-Pdc ) , both of which are key regulators of pyruvate metabolism .	
Decreased levels of Pdk2 and P-Pdc in turn promoted conversion of pyruvate into acetyl-CoA instead of lactate .	
Thus , wild-type p53 limited lactate production in cancer cells unless Pdk2 could be elevated .	
Together , our results established that wild-type p53 prevents manifestation of the Warburg effect by controlling Pdk2 .	31	3
These findings elucidate a new mechanism by which p53 suppresses tumorigenesis acting at the level of cancer cell metabolism .	
We hypothesized that NO donor and MEK inhibitor in combination synergistically inhibit the viability of cancer cells compared to either NO donor or MEK inhibitor alone .	
Epidemiological data and animal models have provided evidence that nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drugs ( NSAIDs ) have an anticancer effect .	
Nitric oxide ( NO ) shows tumoricidal activity .	
We described previously that expression levels of the chemokine receptor , CCR5 , and the beta2-integrin , Mac-1 , were down-regulated on primary monocytes after incubation in supernatants from human carcinoma cell lines , and that this down-regulation resulted in impaired monocyte function with respect to migration and adhesion .	
The combination of GSNO and U0126 downregulates phosphorylation of IGF-IR , EGFR , Akt and ERK1/2 after stimulation by IGF-I and EGF .	
Monocytes from cancer patients displayed significantly reduced CCR5 levels and migration capacities in comparison to cells from healthy donors .	
The results revealed significant improvement in migration equal to those levels seen in healthy donors .	
On the other hand , U0126 inhibits phosphorylation of ERK1/2 , but upregulates phosphorylation of IGF-IR and EGFR in MIAPaCa-2 and HCT-116 cells .	9	93
These data may , at least in part , help explain the anticancer effects of NSAIDs .	
We conclude that in patients with cancer , the intake of Rofecoxib for 3 wk leads to significant restoration of monocyte function .	
GSNO and U0126 in combination synergistically inhibit proliferation and invasion of cancer cells .	11	9	1
These results indicate that the combined treatment of NO donor and MEK inhibitor may be promising in cancer therapy .	
These combined results strongly support the conclusion that Ser-132 , Asp-156 , and His-241 form the catalytic triad of LPL and are essential for LPL hydrolytic activity .	
Lipoprotein lipase ( LPL ) plays a central role in normal lipid metabolism as the key enzyme involved in the hydrolysis of triglycerides present in chylomicrons and very low density lipoproteins .	
LPL is a member of a family of hydrolytic enzymes that include hepatic lipase and pancreatic lipase .	
Based on primary sequence homology of LPL to pancreatic lipase , Ser-132 , Asp-156 , and His-241 have been proposed to be part of a domain required for normal enzymic activity .	
We have analyzed the role of these potential catalytic residues by site-directed mutagenesis and expression of the mutant LPL in human embryonic kidney-293 cells .	
Substitution of Ser-132 , Asp-156 , and His-241 by several different residues resulted in the expression of an enzyme that lacked both triolein and tributyrin esterase activities .	
Mutation of other conserved residues , including Ser-97 , Ser-307 , Asp-78 , Asp-371 , Asp-440 , His-93 , and His-439 resulted in the expression of active enzymes .	63	6
Despite their effect on LPL activity , substitutions of Ser-132 , Asp-156 , and His-241 did not change either the heparin affinity or lipid binding properties of the mutant LPL .	
In summary , mutation of Ser-132 , Asp-156 , and His-241 specifically abolishes total hydrolytic activity without disrupting other important functional domains of LPL .	63	6
As most tumors exhibit a preferential switch to glycolysis , as described in the " Warburg effect " , we hypothesize that ceramide nanoliposomes selectively target this glycolytic pathway in cancer .	
Acad .	
Natl .	
( Proc .	
USA , 77 : 7272-7276 , 1980 ) and Kennedy et al .	
USA , 77 : 7262-7266 , 1980 ) , which states that treatment of cells with a carcinogen can result in a so-called activated state of the treated cells which is transmitted to the progeny and which results in an enhanced rate of transforming events .	
Sci .	
The bioenergetic propensity was calculated by measurement of lactate in the presence or absence of oligomycin .	
PC3 cell lines treated with the extracts were analyzed for the induction of apoptosis by cell death detection ( ELISA ) and TUNEL assay .	
Nanoliposomal ceramide inhibits both the RNA and protein expression of GAPDH , an enzyme in the glycolytic pathway , which is overexpressed in CLL .	31	3
The selection was based on their ability to form confluent monolayers on porous supports and to maintain receptor-mediated signal transduction and ion transport , characteristic of the proximal tubule .	
We have isolated rabbit kidney proximal tubular epithelial cell lines .	
Most of the cell lines developed in this manner were obtained by co-culture with irradiated fibroblasts producing a recombinant retrovirus encoding SV40 large T antigen and G418 resistance .	
The isolation method consisted of several steps : ( 1 ) superficial cortical proximal tubule segments were microdissected and cultured on a matrix-coated porous support until cells formed a confluent monolayer ; ( 2 ) primary cultures showing hormone-regulated ion transport typical for the proximal tubule were selected and co-cultured with irradiated fibroblasts ; and ( 3 ) the epithelial cells surviving after several passages were expanded and passaged on porous substrates .	
One cell line ( vEPT ) has been characterized in some detail with respect to morphological , biochemical , and ion transport properties .	
However , SV40 T antigen expression was not essential for immortalization , since neither T antigen nor G418 resistance was detected in the isolated cell lines and co-culture with non-producing 3T3 cells gave similar results .	4	41
Once confluent , monolayers maintain conductances of 25 to 32 mS/cm2 for several weeks in culture and possess phlorizin-sensitive short-circuit current ( Isc ) in glucose containing media , indicative of apical Na(+)-glucose co-transport. vEPT cells also retain receptor and signaling mechanisms for angiotensin II ( Ang II ) .	
This line forms confluent monolayers with apical microvilli , tight junctions , and convolutions of the basolateral plasma membrane .	
The cell lines share with primary cultures expression of the cytokeratins K8 , K10/K11 , and K19 ( "nomenclature " [ 21] ) .	
Apical and basal Ang II and 5,6-epoxy-eicosatrienoic acid ( 5,6-EET ) modulate the Isc in a manner similar to primary cultures .	
In this study , nine diarylquinoline compounds were screened for cytotoxic activity against human tumor cells , and their mechanisms of action were investigated .	
Furthermore , a high level of PPP1R15B mRNA expression was associated with poor outcome following tamoxifen-based therapy .	
Furthermore , EdU staining of RASSF8-depleted cells showed growth suppression in a manner dependent on contact inhibition .	5	52
Functionally , RNAi-mediated knockdown of RASSF8 in non-small-cell lung cancer ( NSCLC ) cell lines , increased anchorage-independent growth in soft agar and enhanced tumor growth in severe combined immunodeficiency ( SCID ) mice .	
Our results show statistically significant differences in the number of γH2AX foci between the repair-deficient and -proficient cell line , with a higher amount of γH2AX foci present at early times post-irradiation in the Ku-deficient cell line .	61	62	6
We show that endogenous RASSF8 is not only found in the nucleus , but is also membrane associated at sites of cell-cell adhesion , co-localizing with the adherens junction ( AJ ) component beta-catenin and binding to E-cadherin .	
Recently , four novel family members , RASSF7-10 , have been identified by homology searches for RA-domain-containing proteins .	
The Ras-assocation domain family ( RASSF ) of tumor suppressor proteins until recently contained six proteins named RASSF1-6 .	
Because of the close association with DNA double strand break ( DSB ) repair , phosphorylation of the histone H2AX protein ( γH2AX ) , quantified by immunodetection , has recently been used as a method to study DSB induction and repair at low and clinically relevant radiation doses .	
A better understanding of the underlying mechanisms of DNA repair after exposure to ionizing radiation represents a research priority aimed at improving the outcome of clinical radiotherapy .	
Evaluation of Msx2 protein expression on a TMA revealed that Msx2 was detectable in both tumour cell nuclei and cytoplasm .	
RESULTS Examination of Msx2 mRNA expression in a breast cancer transcriptomic dataset demonstrated that increased levels of Msx2 were associated with good prognosis ( P = 0.011 ) .	
Finally , to assess the functional role of Msx2 in vitro , Msx2 was ectopically expressed in a highly invasive breast tumour cell line ( MDA-MB-231 ) and an immortalised breast cell line ( MCF10a ) , and these cell lines were examined for changes in growth rate , cell death and cell signalling .	
Msx2 protein expression was then evaluated by immunohistochemistry in a tissue microarray ( TMA ) containing 281 invasive breast tumours .	
RASSF8 may also be required to maintain actin -cytoskeletal organization since immunofluorescence analysis shows a striking disorganization of the actin- cytoskeleton following RASSF8 depletion .	
The AJ components beta-catenin and p65 are also lost from sites of cell-cell contact and are relocalized to the nucleus with a concomitant increase in beta-catenin-dependent and nuclear factor-kappaB ( NF-kappaB)-dependent signaling following RASSF8 depletion .	
However , the clinical implications of Msx2 expression in breast cancer are unclear .	
INTRODUCTION The homeobox-containing transcription factor muscle segment homeobox 2 ( Msx2 ) plays an important role in mammary gland development .	
Here , we report that protein arginine methyltransferase 6 ( PRMT6 ) , a type I PRMT known to act as a transcriptional cofactor , directly represses the p21 promoter .	
The iron hemes of MtrA are bound to its polypeptide chain via proximal ( CXXCH ) and distal histidine residues .	
The Punica granatum L. var. granatum ( pomegranate ) has been demonstrated to exert antitumor effects on various types of cancer cells .	
Their combination allowed a distinct improvement of the definition of the complex karyotypes of drug-resistant cell lines .	
Thus , the present study has clearly unveiled the strengths and weaknesses of both techniques which can excellently complement each other .	
A comparison of chromosomal alterations in drug-resistant and parental cell lines showed not only amplifications of chromosomal segments harboring well-known drug resistance genes , e.g. , the dihydrofolate reductase gene , but also chromosomal changes which may involve novel genes associated with drug resistance .	6
Here , we identify human rpL3 as a new regulator of cell cycle and apoptosis through positive regulation of p21 expression in a p53-independent system .	511	5	51
In addition , p53-independent mechanisms of cell cycle arrest in response to alterations of ribosomal proteins availability have been described .	
Many evidences show that a subset of ribosomal proteins are involved in the regulation of the cell cycle and apoptosis through modulation of p53 activity .	
It is now largely accepted that ribosomal proteins may be implicated in a variety of biological functions besides that of components of the translation machinery .	
Taken together , our findings unravel a novel extraribosomal function of rpL3 and reinforce the proapoptotic role of p21 in addition to its widely reported ability as an inhibitor of cell proliferation .	
It is noteworthy that depletion of p21 abrogates both effects .	
Furthermore , in our experimental system , p21 overexpression leads to a dual outcome , activating the G\u2081/S arrest of the cell cycle or the apoptotic pathway through mitochondria , depending on its intracellular levels .	51	5	511	8	81
We demonstrate that the rpL3-mediated p21 upregulation requires the specific interaction between rpL3 and Sp1 .	511	5	51
Survival analysis revealed an ( expression level-dependent ) negative impact of CXCR4 expression ( p < 0.04 ) .	
The present study aimed to evaluate the medicinal herbs Punica granatum L. var. spinosa ( apple punice ) that are native to Iran .	
The transcriptional activation of human msh6 is known to be fully dependent on the specificity factor 1 ( Sp1 ) .	
Hence , Cd at sublethal levels down-regulates msh2/msh6 expression primarily via ROS as signaling molecules .	a21	a2	a
Cd failed to inhibit the DNA binding activity of zebrafish Sp1 unless at lethal concentrations based on band shift assay , therefore excluding the involvement of Sp1 inactivation in Cd-induced MSH gene inhibition in zebrafish embryos .	
These studies imply that the CE/BZA , TSEC , exerts antiestrogenic effects on breast cancer cells and might block the growth of occult breast neoplasms in postmenopausal women , resulting in an overall reduction in tumor incidence .	
Bub2 and Bfa1 are also required to prevent mitotic exit when there is DNA damage , spindle damage or spindle misorientation at G(2)/M phase .	
While Cdc5 inhibits Bfa1/Bub2 , mutating the Cdc5 phosphorylation sites on Bfa1 does not have a strong activating effect on Bub2/Bfa1 , suggesting there must be additional regulation in this pathway .	
Here we report that Bub2 protein also has cell cycle regulated phosphorylation .	91	9
This phosphorylation is partially dependent upon the Polo-like kinase Cdc5 and is consistent with negative regulation of the Bub2/Bfa1 GAP complex .	
During mitotic exit , a small GTPase Tem1 needs to be activated .	
During most of the cell cycle , Tem1 activity is antagonized by a GTPase activating complex ( GAP ) composed of Bub2 and Bfa1 .	
Bfa1 protein has cell cycle regulated phosphorylation depending upon the Polo-like kinase Cdc5 .	
This phosphorylation dissociates Bfa1 from Tem1 and thus relieves the inhibition of Tem1 by the GAP complex .	
Spindle damage or spindle misorientation prevents Bub2 phosphorylation .	
The spindle damage effect is dependent upon the spindle assembly checkpoint components Mad2 and Mps1 .	
Limited options for the treatment of prostate cancer have spurred the search for new therapies .	
One innovative approach is the use of targeted alpha therapy ( TAT ) to inhibit cancer growth , using an alpha particle emitting radioisotope such as ( 213)Bi .	
Because of its short range and high linear energy transfer ( LET ) , alpha-particles may be particularly effective in the treatment of cancer , especially in inhibiting the development of metastatic tumors from micro-metastases .	
Prostate-specific membrane antigen ( PSMA ) is expressed in prostate cancer cells and the neovasculature of a wide variety of malignant neoplasms including lung , colon , breast and others , but not in normal vascular endothelium .	
The expression is further increased in higher-grade cancers , metastatic disease and hormone-refractory prostate cancer ( PCA ) .	
J591 is one of several monoclonal antibodies ( mabs ) to the extracellular domain of PSMA .	
Chelation of J591 mab with ( 213)Bi forms the alpha-radioimmunoconjugate ( AIC ) .	
The objective of this preclinical study was to design an injectable AIC to treat human prostate tumors growing subcutaneously in mice .	
The anti-proliferative effects of AIC against prostate cancer were tested in vitro using the MTS assay and in vivo with the nude mice model .	
Apoptosis was documented using terminal deoxynucleotidyl transferase [ TdT]-mediated deoxyuridinetriphosphate [ dUTP ] nick end-labeling ( TUNEL ) assay , while proliferative index was assessed using the Ki-67 marker .	
Simultaneously , dysregulation of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis , immune system integration , imbalance of sex hormones , and changes in thyroid hormones were observed in the same group of patients .	2	21
Disturbed immunohormonal interactions in early-stage CLL may be responsible for the pathogenetic mechanisms in this lymphoproliferative malignancy .	2	21
Fifty-six previously untreated stage-I ( according to Rai ) chronic lymphocytic leukemia ( CLL ) patients were examined for their clinical data , immunological characteristics , and hormonal values .	
Dysfunction of T and B lymphocytes was demonstrated by changed lymphocyte blastogenic response to stimulation with phytohemagglutinin ( PHA ) , concanavalin A ( ConA ) , pisum sativatum agglutinin ( PSA ) , wheat germ agglutinin ( WGA ) , recombinant interleukin 2 ( IL 2 ) , and dextran sulfate ( DxS ) ; also by decreased immunoglobulin levels ( IgG , IgA , IgE ) and increased beta 2-microglobulin ( beta 2-M ) values .	2	21
These results suggest that 0.25% BNF is the threshold dose for liver tumor promotion , and the fact that inflammation-related genes and COX-2 protein increased in the 0.25% BNF group strongly suggests that inflammation is involved in the liver tumor promoting effect of BNF in rats .	a	a2
Cell proliferation is known to be accompanied by activation of glycolysis .	
We have recently discovered that the glycolysis-promoting enzyme 6-phosphofructo-2-kinase/fructose-2,6-bisphosphatase , isoform 3 ( PFKFB3 ) , is degraded by the E3 ubiquitin ligase APC/C-Cdh1 , which also degrades cell-cycle proteins .	
We now show in two different cell types ( neoplastic and nonneoplastic ) that both proliferation and aerobic glycolysis are prevented by overexpression of Cdh1 and enhanced by its silencing .	31	3
Furthermore , we have coexpressed Cdh1 with PFKFB3--either wild-type or a mutant form resistant to ubiquitylation by APC/C-Cdh1--or with the glycolytic enzyme 6-phosphofructo-1-kinase and demonstrated that whereas glycolysis is essential for cell proliferation , its initiation in the presence of active Cdh1 does not result in proliferation .	31	3
Our experiments indicate that the proliferative response , regardless of whether it occurs in normal or neoplastic cells , is dependent on a decrease in the activity of APC/C-Cdh1 , which activates both proliferation and glycolysis .	31	3
These observations have implications for cell proliferation , neoplastic transformation , and the prevention and treatment of cancer .	
No marked changes in ROS production and TBARS contents were observed between the BNF treated and DEN alone groups .	a21	a2	a
Histopathologically , glutathione S-transferase placental form ( GST-P)-positive foci significantly increased in rats given 0.25% BNF .	
Distant metastases-free survival was somewhat worse for M0 URCC patients compared with unmatched M0 ccRCC patients ( P = .063 ) , but not in the matched cohort ( P = .788 ) .	
CONCLUSIONS Although URCC is more likely to present with advanced clinicopathologic features compared with ccRCC , no statistically significant differences in outcome were noted after adjusting for these features in a matched analysis .	
OBJECTIVES To evaluate the impact of the category of unclassified renal cell carcinoma ( URCC ) on survival following nephrectomy .	
METHODS Patients with clear cell RCC ( ccRCC , n = 3048 ) and URCC ( n = 38 ) were identified .	
Patients with URCC were matched 4:1 with ccRCC patients based on year of surgery , symptoms at presentation , tumor size , stage , regional lymph node involvement , metastases , grade , coagulative tumor necrosis , and sarcomatoid differentiation .	
Survival was estimated using the Kaplan-Meier method and compared between ccRCC and URCC patients using log-rank tests .	
RESULTS Patients with URCC were more likely to have regional lymph node involvement ( P <.001 ) , higher grade ( P <.001 ) , tumor necrosis ( P <.001 ) , and sarcomatoid differentiation ( P <.001 ) as compared to patients with ccRCC .	83	8
Overall survival was not significantly different between URCC and ccRCC patients in either the unmatched ( P = .337 ) or matched ( P = .345 ) cohorts .	
Cancer-specific survival was significantly worse for URCC patients compared with unmatched ccRCC patients ( P = .020 ) .	
However , this difference was not statistically significant when the URCC patients were compared with the matched cohort ( P = .688 ) .	
Immunohistochemistry and TUNEL staining also demonstrated that Sal inhibits proliferation and induces apoptosis in vivo .	8	81
Chromosome numbers ranged from 55 to 73 .	
In animal models of human cancer , vaccines administered in the prophylactic setting are most immunogenic and effectively prevent cancer development and progression .	
Clinical application of prazosin in patients with HCC should consider this possibility .	
Here we show that a spectrum of carcinogen-specific mutational and epigenetic alterations involving the INK4A ( p16 ) , p53 and INK4B ( p15 ) genes are associated with induced SIPS bypass .	
With ionizing radiation , immortalization is invariably accompanied by efficient biallelic deletion of the complete INK4/CDKN2 locus .	4	41
In comparison , SHD cells immortalized by the powerful polycyclic hydrocarbon carcinogen benzo(a)pyrene display transversion point mutations in the DNA-binding domain of p53 coupled with INK4 alterations such as loss of expression of p15 .	63	6
Epimutational silencing of p16 is the primary event associated with immortalization by nickel , a human non-genotoxic carcinogen .	4	41
Immortalization ( senescence bypass ) is a critical rate-limiting step in the malignant transformation of mammalian somatic cells .	
Human cells must breach at least two distinct senescence barriers to permit unfettered clonal evolution during cancer development : ( 1 ) stress- or oncogene-induced premature senescence ( SIPS/OIS ) , mediated via the p16-Rb and/or ARF-p53-p21 tumour-suppressive pathways , and ( 2 ) replicative senescence triggered by telomere shortening .	
In contrast , because their telomerase is constitutively active , cells from small rodents possess only the SIPS/OIS barrier , and are therefore useful for studying SIPS/OIS bypass in isolation .	
Dermal fibroblasts from the Syrian hamster ( SHD cells ) are exceptionally resistant to spontaneous SIPS bypass , but it can be readily induced following exposure to a wide range of chemical and physical carcinogens .	
Topical application of NO-sulindac reduced tumor incidence , number ( p<0.05 ) and volume ( p<0.005 ) as compared to UVB ( alone)-irradiated vehicle-treated mice .	
An increase in TUNEL-positive cells in skin lesions was accompanied by the enhanced Bax:Bcl-2 ratio .	8	81
Nitric oxide ( NO)-releasing non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs ( NO-NSAIDs ) which have been synthesized to reduce gastro-intestinal and cardiovascular toxicities of NSAIDs , possess anti-proliferative , pro-apoptotic and anti-cancer activities .	
Here , we show that NO-sulindac inhibited UVB-induced skin tumorigenesis in SKH-1 hairless mice .	
As SIPS/OIS bypass is a prerequisite for the immortalization of normal diploid human epithelial cells , our results with the SHD model will provide a basis for delineating combinations of key molecular changes underpinning this important event in human carcinogenesis .	4	41
The mechanism of this inhibition was related to the reduction in UVB-induced Notch signaling pathway .	
The expression of pro-apoptotic Bax was increased whereas anti-apoptotic Bcl-2 reduced .	8	81
However , proliferation was identified as the major target of NO-sulindac in this study .	
We report results of a clinical study that show that in patients without cancer but with a history of premalignant lesions ( advanced colonic adenomas , precursors to colon cancer ) , a vaccine based on the TAA MUC1 was highly immunogenic in 17 of 39 ( 43.6% ) of vaccinated individuals , eliciting high levels of anti-MUC1 immunoglobulin G ( IgG ) and long-lasting immune memory .	2	21
A new line of human ovarian serous adenocarcinoma cells , TU-OS-4 , was established and characterized .	
We observed an asbestos-related difference in the size of CD3(+) CD4(-) CD8(-) DN T cell subset that was expanded four-fold in Fus1(-/-) mice .	
Finally , we demonstrated Fus1-dependent basal and asbestos-induced changes in major mitochondrial parameters ( ROS production , mitochondrial potential and UCP2 expression ) in Fus1(-/-) immune cells and in Fus1-depleted cancer cells , thus supporting our hypothesis that Fus1 establishes its immune- and tumour-suppressive activities via regulation of mitochondrial homeostasis .	
Asbestos treatment resulted in a decreased Fus1 expression in wild-type ( WT ) peritoneal immune cells , suggesting that asbestos exposure may compromise the Fus1-mediated inflammatory response .	
Untreated Fus1(-/-) mice had an higher proportion of peritoneal granulocytes than Fus1(+/+) mice , pointing at ongoing chronic inflammation .	
Fus1 , encoded by a 3p21.3 tumour suppressor gene , is down-regulated , mutated or lost in the majority of inflammatory thoracic malignancies .	
The mitochondrial localization of Fus1 stimulated us to investigate how Fus1 modulates inflammatory response and mitochondrial function in a mouse model of asbestos-induced peritoneal inflammation .	
Moreover , Fus1(-/-) mice demonstrated altered dynamics of pro- and anti-inflammatory cytokine expression , such as IFNγ , TNFα , IL-1A , IL-1B and IL-10 .	
' Late ' response cytokine Ccl5 was persistently under-expressed in Fus1(-/-) immune cells at both basal and asbestos-activated states .	
Fus1(-/-) mice exhibited a perturbed inflammatory response to asbestos , reflected in decreased immune organ weight and peritoneal fluid protein concentration , along with an increased proportion of peritoneal macrophages .	
Fus1(-/-) immune cells showed augmented asbestos-induced activation of key inflammatory , anti-oxidant and genotoxic stress response proteins ERK1/2 , NFκB , SOD2 , γH2AX , etc .	
ROS level was higher in down-regulated cervical cancer cells than in controls and the difference was increasing with culture time .	a21	a2	a
The cells showed a short , spindle-shaped morphology and grew in monolayers without contact inhibition while forming an arrangement resembling a jigsaw puzzle .	5	52
Our study revealed that overexpression of PTEN gene did not induce apoptosis of human ASMCs cultured in vitro .	8	81
However , overexpression of PTEN inhibited proliferation of human ASMCs cultured in vitro and was associated with downregulation of Akt phosphorylation levels , while did not affect ERK1/2 phosphorylation levels .	921	92	9
It is well established that hyperplasia and decreased apoptosis of airway smooth muscle cells ( ASMCs ) play an important role in the asthmatic airway remodeling .	
Tumor suppressor PTEN gene with phosphatase activity plays an important regulatory role in embryonic development , cell proliferation , and apoptosis , cell cycle regulation , migration ( invasion ) of the cytoskeleton .	
We hypotheses that PTEN gene could affect the growth and viability of ASMCs through the regulation of PI3K/Akt , MAPK , and cell cycle-related gene expression .	
We constructed a recombinant adenovirus to transfect ASMCs .	
Heterotransplantation in nude mice reflected the original tumor of the cells .	
The cell apoptosis of ASMCs were evaluated by Hoechst-33342 staining and PE-7AAD double-labeled flow cytometry .	
The cell cycle distribution was observed by flow cytometry with PI staining .	
The expression of PTEN , p-Akt , total-Akt , p-ERK1/2 , total-ERK1/2 , cleaved-Caspases-3 , Caspases-9 , p21 , and Cyclin D1 were tested by the Western blotting .	
No PDGFRA mutations were found .	
In the group of 16 DSD cases a N505I and D820E mutation was found in a single tumor of a patient with gonadoblastoma and dysgerminoma .	
Malignant ovarian dysgerminomas represent of all ovarian cancers in Western countries , resembling testicular seminomas , regarding chromosomal aberrations and c-KIT mutations .	
Activating c-KIT mutations ( exons 11 and 17 ) are found in 10-40% of testicular seminomas , the majority being missense point mutations ( codon 816 ) .	
Here we present analysis of c-KIT exon 8 , 9 , 11 , 13 and 17 , and PDGFRA exon 12 , 14 and 18 by conventional sequencing together with mutational analysis of c-KIT codon 816 by a sensitive and specific LightCycler melting curve analysis , confirmed by sequencing .	
DSD patients with specific Y-sequences have an increased risk for Type II Germ Cell Tumor/Cancer , with gonadoblastoma as precursor progressing to dysgerminoma .	
A synonymous SNP ( rs 5578615 ) was detected in two patients , one DSD patient ( with bilateral disease ) and one patient with dysgerminoma .	
The results are combined with data on TSPY and OCT3/4 expression in a series of 16 DSD patients presenting with gonadoblastoma and dysgerminoma and 15 patients presenting pure ovarian dysgerminomas without DSD. c-KIT codon 816 mutations were detected in five out of the total of 31 cases ( all found in pure ovarian dysgerminomas ) .	
In total activating c-KIT mutations were found in 53% of ovarian dysgerminomas without DSD .	
Next to these , three codon N822K mutations were detected in the group of 15 pure ovarian dysgerminomas .	
Finally , the role of Sal on in vivo Wnt/β-catenin signaling was evaluated by Western blot and immunohistochemistry .	
These results suggested that this cell line would be useful to study chemoresistant mechanisms and contribute to establishing novel treatment strategies for patients with ovarian cancer .	
Examination of Hippo pathway signaling in kDKO keratinocytes revealed that loss of Mob1a/b altered the activities of the downstream Hippo mediators LATS and YAP1 .	
Because most of these cancers resembled trichilemmal carcinomas , we generated double-mutant mice bearing tamoxifen-inducible , keratinocyte-specific homozygous-null mutations of Mob1a and Mob1b ( kDKO mice). kDKO mice showed hyperplastic keratinocyte progenitors and defective keratinocyte terminal differentiation and soon died of malnutrition. kDKO keratinocytes exhibited hyperproliferation , apoptotic resistance , impaired contact inhibition , enhanced progenitor self renewal , and increased centrosomes .	52	5	9	8	81
Here we show that intact Mob1a or Mob1b is essential for murine embryogenesis and that loss of the remaining WT Mob1 allele in Mob1a(\u0394/\u0394)1b(tr/+) or Mob1a(\u0394/+)1b(tr/tr) mice results in tumor development .	
Mps one binder 1a ( MOB1A ) and MOB1B are key components of the Hippo signaling pathway and are mutated or inactivated in many human cancers .	
This study demonstrates Sal inhibits proliferation and induces apoptosis of HCC cells in vitro and in vivo and one potential mechanism is inhibition of Wnt/β-catenin signaling via increased intracellular Ca(2+) levels .	8	81
Our results clearly demonstrate that MOB1A and MOB1B have overlapping functions in skin homeostasis , and exert their roles as tumor suppressors by regulating downstream elements of the Hippo pathway .	
Numerous small potentially bioactive peptides are derived from the selective processing of the amino acid secretogranin II ( SgII ) precursor , but only the 31-42 amino acid segment termed secretoneurin ( SN ) is well-conserved from sharks to mammals .	
Western blot analysis showed that TU-OS-4 cells overexpressed epidermal growth factor receptor , human epidermal growth factor receptor ( HER ) 2 , and phosphorylated HER2 protein .	9	93
Here , we report that TEM5 expression in endothelial cells is induced during capillary-like network formation on Matrigel , during capillary morphogenesis in a three-dimensional collagen I matrix , and upon confluence on a two-dimensional matrix .	
Halofuginone treatment of human melanoma cells inhibited cell proliferation , phosphorylation of SMAD proteins in response to TGF-β , and TGF-β-induced SMAD-driven transcription .	
Both cell growth and apoptosis appear to be mediated by α7-nicotinic acetylcholine receptors , since treatment with α-Bungarotoxin inhibited these processes .	
RESULTS Nicotine induced an increase in cell proliferation and a decrease of apoptosis in Caco-2 and HCT-8 cells .	9	81	8
PI3K/Akt and PKC/ERK1/2 pathways , survivin , and P-Bcl2 ( Ser70 ) were investigated by Western blot analysis .	
Cell proliferation and apoptosis were determined by cell count performed with a cell counter and by cytofluorimetric assay respectively .	
MATERIALS AND METHODS Human colorectal cancer cell lines Caco-2 and HCT-8 were treated with 1 μM nicotine alone or in combination with 1 μM α-BTX in complete or in serum free medium .	
However , although nicotine appears to have a role in stimulating cell proliferation of colon cancer cells , there is no information on its role in inhibiting apoptosis in these cells .	
Nicotine , one of the major components of cigarette smoking , can stimulate cell proliferation and suppress apoptosis both in normal cells and in several human cancer cell lines derived from various organs .	
BACKGROUND Colorectal cancer is one of the leading causes of cancer-related death throughout the world , and the risk to develop this malignant disease seems to be associated with long-term cigarette smoking .	
CONCLUSIONS Nicotine , contained in cigarette smoking , could participate in colon cancer development and progression by stimulating cell proliferation and suppressing physiological apoptosis .	9	81	8
Nicotine induced a statistically significant increase in the expression of PI3K and in P-Akt/Akt ratio as well as in the expression of PKC , ERK1/2 , survivin , and P-Bcl2 ( Ser70 ) in both cell lines .	921	92	9
The IC(50) values to cisplatin , paclitaxel , and lapatinib were 25.8 \u03bcM , 686 nM , and 183 nM , respectively .	
Several lines of evidence suggest that the SN receptor is most likely a G-protein coupled protein .	
These results support the hypothesis that MnSOD regulates a " metabolic switch " during progression from quiescent through the proliferative cycle .	
The cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor p21 is activated in histone deacetylase ( HDAC ) inhibitor-treated tumor cells , and its growth-inhibitory function contributes to the anti-tumorigenic effect of HDAC inhibitors .	
A colony formation assay revealed that the Kefir extract rescued HMV-1 cells from cell death caused by UVC irradiation .	
The Kefir extract also stimulated unscheduled DNA synthesis and suppressed UVC-induced apoptosis of HMV-1 cells .	8	62	81	6
The addition of the Kefir extract after UVC-irradiation of HVM-1 cells resulted in a remarkable decrease in intracellular reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) which had been increased by UVC irradiation .	a21	a2	a
An aqueous extract of Kefir , fermented milk originally produced in the Caucasus mountains , suppressed morphological changes of human melanoma HMV-1 and SK-MEL cells and human normal fibroblastTIG-1 cells caused by UVC-irradiation , suggesting that UV damage can be suppressed by the Kefir extract .	
The treatment of HMV-1 cells with the Kefir extract during or before UVC- irradiation also prevented the generation of ROS and thymine dimmer , and suppressed the apoptosis of HMV-1 cells , suggesting that application of Kefir can prevent UV damage .	a21	a2	a	8	81
The thymine dimer repair-enhancing factors in the Kefir extract were heat-stable and assumed to be molecules with a molecular weight of less than 5000 .	
Epigalocatechin exhibited a weak NER activity but vitamins A , C , and E and catechin showed no NER activity .	62	6
The Kefir extract , as well as methyl methanethiosulfonate which is known to enhance the nucleotide excision repair ( NER ) activity , exhibited strong thymine dimer repair-enhancing activity .	62	6
Thus , seeking targets of breast tumor cells is an attractive goal towards improving clinical treatment .	
During cell culture of DU-145 , Gli36 , and KB-3-1 tumor spheroids P-gp expression was observed as well as increased lactate and decreased pyruvate levels and expression of glycolytic enzymes .	31	3
Inhibition of glycolysis for 24 h by either iodoacetate ( IA ) or 2-deoxy-D-glucose ( 2-DDG ) downregulated P-gp expression which was reversed upon coincubation with the radical scavenger ebselen as shown by semi-quantitative immunohistochemisty in DU-145 and Gli36 tumor spheroids , and by EGFP fluorescence in KB-3-1 tumor spheroids .	
UNLABELLED ABC transporters like P-glycoprotein ( P-gp/ABCB1 ) are membrane proteins responsible for the transport of toxic compounds out of non-malignant cells and tumor tissue .	
AIM To investigate the effect of glycolysis and the tissue redox state on P-gp expression in multicellular tumor spheroids derived from prostate adenocarcinoma cells ( DU-145 ) , glioma cells ( Gli36 ) , and the human cervix carcinoma cell line KB-3-1 transfected with a P-gp-EGFP fusion gene that allows monitoring of P-gp expression in living cells .	
Doxorubicin transport was significantly blunted by 2-DDG and IA , indicating that inhibition of glycolysis reversed the multidrug resistance phenotype .	31	3
In summary our data demonstrate that P-gp expression in tumor spheroids is closely related to the glycolytic metabolism of tumor cells and can be downregulated by glycolysis inhibitors via mechanisms that involve changes in the cellular redox state .	31	3
Consequently endogenous ROS generation in DU-145 tumor spheroids was increased in the presence of either IA or 2-DDG , which was abolished upon coincubation with ebselen .	
Exogenous addition of pyruvate significantly reduced ROS generation , increased P-gp expression as well as efflux of the P-gp substrate doxorubicin .	
We also show that if an agent functions by slowing both senescence and carcinogenesis , longevity is increased while reducing cancer .	42	4
Dietary restriction is the only known intervention that accomplishes this , but there may be others .	
Contrary to the paradigm that cancer incidence increases indefinitely with age , significant data now suggest cancer incidence may markedly reduce beyond age 80 years for humans and beyond 800 days for mice , and is not inevitable .	
We show that increasing cellular senescence with age is a possible cause of this reduction , since senescent cells are removed from the pool of cells that retain proliferative ability necessary for cancer .	42	4
We further show that animal interventions appearing to alter senescence , p53 mutation and melatonin dosing , support the prediction that increasing senescence rate reduces cancer while reducing lifespan , and vice versa .	63	42	4	6
Studies of environmental agents associated with increased cancer might be re-examined to find if there is an association with longevity increases , which may markedly alter our view of such agents .	
Castrated male MF-1 mice were inoculated s.c. with 1 x 107 cells 24 hours after an initial daily dose of testosterone propionate ( TP ) or vehicle .	
Through single nucleotide polymorphism array-based fine mapping of del11q , we identified frequent monoallelic loss of Mre11 and H2AFX in addition to ATM , indicative of compound del11q-resident gene defects in the DNA double-strand break response .	612	61	6
It inhibits adione-stimulated proliferation of 17β-HSD3-expressing androgen receptor positive LNCaP[HSD3] prostate cancer cells in vitro .	
In addition , we found that pachymic acid ( PA ) could dose-dependently inhibit migration and invasion of MDA-MB-231 cells , with or without rCCL18 stimulation .	11	1
Furthermore , using multivariate analysis , we identify del17p/p53 aberrations , del11q , del13q14 type II ( invariably resulting in Rb loss ) , and CD38 expression as independent predictors of genomic complexity in CLL , with aberrant p53 as a predictor of approximately 50% of genomic complexity in CLL .	
CONCLUSION Luteolin inhibits the hypoxia-induced EMT in malignant melanoma cells both in vitro and in vivo via the regulation of β3 integrin , suggesting that luteolin may be applied as a potential anticancer chemopreventative and chemotherapeutic agent .	
Focusing on del11q , we determined that normalized ATM activity was a modest predictor of genomic complexity but was not independent of del11q .	
Compared to control , β-catenin expression is significantly down-regulated upon Sal addition .	
We also point out that evasion comes at a price , as healthy smokers might be immunosuppressed to some extent and unable to prevent the development of cancer , certainly less so than in severe COPD , where immunity is heightened .	
The potential role of the M2 alveolar macrophage phenotype and the newly described myeloid-derived suppressor cells is mentioned .	
Probably , the knowledge of the mechanisms of evasion from COPD could add significantly to the understanding of those leading to the disease .	
We believe that understanding why of smokers evade COPD and how this evasion is accomplished might be a fruitful endeavour that could advance knowledge of the development of the disease .	
Investigations toward the understanding of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( COPD ) have been directed , so far , to the study of mechanisms leading to the disease .	
We review here some of the mechanisms by which inflammation is controlled : by the post-translational regulons , by the mechanisms preventing full activation of dendritic cells and by the regulatory T-cells .	
Since the inflammatory infiltrate smokers develop seems to be the key element leading to the lung destruction in COPD , the understanding of the possible ways inflammation can be dampened , as well as its consequences , ought to be important .	
Double immunohistochemical staining with antibodies against lymphatic vessel endothelial hyaluronan receptor 1 and Ki-67 was used to label the lymphatic vessels and mark the proliferative lymphatic vessels in cervical squamous cancer .	
The peritumoral lymphatic vessel density and intratumoral lymphatic vessel density was assessed .	
OBJECTIVE To investigate the relationship between lymphangiogenesis and lymphatic metastasis in cervical squamous carcinoma .	
METHODS Eighty cases of invasive cervical squamous cancer were selected as objects of our study .	
RESULTS The LVD of cervical cancer ( 15.23 � 3.6 ) was clearly higher than that of the adjacent normal cervical subepithelial tissues ( 9.9 � 2.5 , P < 0.001 ) .	
The peritumoral lymphatic vessel density of cervical cancer ( 18.75 � 4.3 ) was significantly higher than the intratumoral lymphatic vessel density of cervical cancer ( 11.71 � 4.9 , P < 0.001 ) .	7	71
The lymphatic vessels proliferation index was evaluated by calculating Ki-67 proliferation index ( PI ) to reflect the lymphangiogenesis of cervical squamous cancer .	
Then the correlation between lymphangiogenesis and clinicopathologic features of cervical squamous cancer was analyzed .	
Lymphatic PI ( LPI ) of cervical cancer ( 0.258 � 0.07 ) was higher than that of the adjacent normal cervical subepithelial tissues ( 0.068 � 0.08 , P < 0.001 ) .	
The peritumoral lymphatic vessel PI of cervical cancer ( 0.324 � 0.06 ) was notably higher than the intratumoral lymphatic vessel PI of cervical cancer ( 0.232 � 0.06 , P < 0.001 ) .	7	71
RESULTS After microinjection of Rag1 specific ZFN mRNAs in 623 zygotes of inbred LEW/Ztm rats 59 offspring were born from which one carried a 4 bp deletion .	63	6
CONCLUSIONS This report highlights for the first time the clinical and biological evidence for the involvement of ATX in human HCC .	
Thus , miR-7 expression is decreased in metastatic breast cancer , correlates with the level of epithelial differentiation of the tumor and inhibits metastatic progression .	1	12
This frame shift mutation led to a premature stop codon and a subsequently truncated Rag1 protein confirmed by the loss of the full-length protein in Western Blot analysis .	63	6
Sequestration of p53 and Rb proteins using SV40 large T antigen completely rescued necrotic cell death .	83	8
Herein we identify miR-7 as a direct regulator of FAK expression. miR-7 expression is decreased in malignant versus normal breast tissue and its expression correlates inversely with metastasis in human breast cancer patients .	
Forced expression of miR-7 produced increased E-CADHERIN and decreased FIBRONECTIN and VIMENTIN expression in breast cancer cells .	
Focal adhesion kinase ( FAK ) is an important mediator of extracellular matrix integrin signaling , cell motility , cell proliferation and cell survival .	
Increased FAK expression is observed in a variety of solid human tumors and increased FAK expression and activity frequently correlate with metastatic disease and poor prognosis .	
Conversely , inhibition of miR-7 in the HBL-100 mammary epithelial cell line promoted cell proliferation and anchorage independent growth .	
Rescue of FAK expression reversed miR-7 suppression of migration and invasion. miR-7 also inhibited primary breast tumor development , local invasion and metastatic colonization of breast cancer xenografts .	11	1	12
The levels of miR-7 expression was positively correlated with E-CADHERIN mRNA and negatively correlated with VIMENTIN mRNA levels in breast cancer samples .	
Forced expression of miR-7 in aggressive breast cancer cell lines suppressed tumor cell monolayer proliferation , anchorage independent growth , three-dimensional growth in Matrigel , migration and invasion .	11	1
These data suggest that export mechanisms , independent of PI(3)P as well as those dependent on PI(3)P , function together in a VTS to target parasite proteins to the host erythrocyte .	
Cleavage of the HT motif releases the secretory protein from the ER membrane .	
The HT motif is thought to be the only export signal resident in an N-terminal vacuolar translocation sequence ( VTS ) that quantitatively targets green fluorescent protein to the erythrocyte .	
Malaria parasites export ' a secretome ' of hundreds of proteins , including major virulence determinants , from their endoplasmic reticulum ( ER ) , past the parasite plasma and vacuolar membranes to the host erythrocyte .	
The export mechanism is high affinity ( nanomolar ) binding of a host ( cell ) targeting ( HT ) motif RxLxE/D/Q to the lipid phosphatidylinositol 3-phosphate ( PI(3)P ) in the ER .	
Mass spectrometry indicates that the R to A mutant is cleaved at sites upstream of the HT motif .	
Antibodies to upstream sequences confirm that aberrantly cleaved R to A protein mutant is exported to the erythrocyte .	
We have previously shown that the R to A mutation in the HT motif , abrogates VTS binding to PI(3)P ( K(d)>5 \u03bcM ) .	
We now show that remarkably , the R to A mutant is exported to the host erythrocyte , for both membrane and soluble reporters , although the efficiency of export is reduced to of that seen with a complete VTS .	
These results support the hypothesis that high u-PA levels are important for tumor invasion and that the stage of tumor development is a critical factor in their PA activity .	11	1
We found that IL-20 significantly increased the expression of matrix metalloproteinase ( MMP)-9 via binding activity of NF-κB and AP-1 in bladder cancer cells and stimulated the activation of ERK1/2 , JNK , p38MAPK , and Jak-Stat signaling .	
Reduction of T cell development in Rag1 mutant rats was associated with a hypoplastic thymus that lacked follicular structures .	
Histological evaluation also revealed the near-complete absence of lymphocytes in spleen and lymph nodes in the immunodeficient Rag1 mutant rat .	
METHODS Murine malignant melanoma B16F10 cells were exposed to 1% O(2) for 24 h .	
However , there was minimal induction of apoptosis .	8	81
In contrast , there was clear evidence for autophagy and autophagic flux while the residual surviving cells appeared to be in a state of irreversible senescence .	82	42	4	8
AIM To investigate whether luteolin , a highly prevalent flavonoid , reverses the effects of epithelial-mesenchymal transition ( EMT ) in vitro and in vivo and to determine the mechanisms underlying this reversal .	
PURPOSE : Previous studies have shown that the novel microtubule poison , JG-03-14 , which binds to the colchicine binding site of tubulin , has the capacity to kill breast tumor cells primarily through the promotion of autophagy .	
The current work was designed to determine whether autophagy was , in fact , the primary mode of action as well as susceptibility to JG-03-14 in two additional tumor cell models , the B16/F10 murine melanoma cell line and the HCT-116 human colon cancer cell line .	
METHODS : Drug cytotoxicity was monitored based on viable cell number and clonogenic survival .	
Apoptosis was assessed by DAPI staining , the TUNEL assay and/or FACS analysis .	
Autophagy was monitored based on staining with acridine orange , redistribution and punctuation of RFP-LC3 and electron microscopy as well as p62 degradation .	
Senescence was evaluated based on β-galactosidase staining and alterations in cell morphology .	
Drug effects were also evaluated in a murine model of B16/F10 cells that localizes to the lungs while peripheral neuropathy was assessed by three complementary behavioral assays .	
These results provide a possible explanation for the relationship between maternal smoking during pregnancy and childhood carcinogenesis .	
The senile-prone sub-strain , SAM-P8 mice were administered individually with ripened or crude Pu-erh tea at 125 , 250 or 500mg/kg .	
IGF-II and IGFBP-3 levels in cervical scrapes were measured by ELISA .	
Control subjects were women with normal , HPV DNA-negative Papanicolau ( Pap ) test .	
The aim of this study was to evaluate the relationship between levels of IGF-II or IGFBP-3 in cervical scrapes with cervical cancer and precancerous lesions : low-grade squamous intraepithelial lesion ( LSIL ) and high-grade squamous intraepithelial lesion ( HSIL). 4 groups of cases were examined : LSIL ( n=20 ) , HSIL ( n=28 ) , cervical cancer ( n=45 ) , and controls ( n=51 ) .	
A growing number of studies have demonstrated an association between serum levels of insulin-like growth factors ( IGFs ) and IGF binding protein-3 ( IGFBP-3 ) and increased risk for various cancers .	
More studies are needed to understand the possible role of IGFBP-3 in cervical carcinogenesis .	9	92
These data suggests that the progression to cervical cancer is associated with alterations in the IGF system and not affected by HR HPV infection .	9	92
Significantly higher values of IGFBP-3 were found in HSIL vs. controls ( median : 549.5 ng/mg vs. 216 ng/mg ; p=0.018 ) , and were not affected by HR HPV infection , meanwhile no significant differences were observed in IGFBP-3 levels between LSIL or cervical cancer as compared to controls .	
Results show that median protein levels of IGF-II were significantly lower in cervical cancer cases vs. controls ( 446.5 ng/mg vs. 1,168.6 ng/mg , p<0.001 ) .	9	92
In a survival analysis , patients with IDH1 mutations had better survival compared to those with wild-type IDH1 ( p<0.05 ) in LOs and AOs , but not in primary GBMs ( p=0.587 ) .	
In addition , in patients with both IDH1 mutation and MGMT methylation , p53 overexpression was a significant poor prognostic factor both in LOs and AOs .	
Data showed that 53.7% ( 72/134 ) of cases showed mutations affecting codon 132 of IDH1 , including 73.2% of LOs , 82.9% of AOs and three primary GBMs ( 6.5% ) .	
All IDH1 mutations were Arg132His .	
We also examined the correlations among histology , p53 and PTEN immunoexpression , MGMT methylation status , 1p 19q co-deletion and EGFR gene amplification .	
The 134 brain tumors included 41 low-grade oligodendrogliomas ( LOs ) , 47 anaplastic oligodendrogliomas ( AOs ) and 46 primary GBMs .	
A recurrent mutation affecting codon 132 of the isocitrate dehydrogenase 1 ( IDH1 ) gene has been found in of primary glioblastomas ( GBMs ) , but in >70% of secondary GBMs or oligodendroglial and astrocytic tumors .	
We investigated IDH1 mutations in a series of 134 brain tumors to determine the prevalence and prognostic impact of IDH1 mutations .	
The number of p53-positive foci in mitotic cells and its localization to centrosomes increased with replicative and premature senescence .	42	4
Immunosenescence , the progressive decline of adaptive immunity and chronic inflammation with ageing has been demonstrated to be the main factor responsible for infections , cancer and autoimmune conditions in the elderly .	
Senescence-accelerated mouse ( SAM ) was used to study the protective effects of Pu-erh tea in the elderly .	
Uncontrolled estrogen exposure can induce an imbalance in BCL2/BAX expression in endometrial cells , leading to precancerous lesions and type I endometrial adenocarcinoma .	
This study aimed to explore the mechanism underlying this phenomenon .	
We show that the activated estrogen receptor can suppress the expression of BAX by upregulating a group of microRNAs including hsa-let-7 family members and hsa-miR-27a , thereby promoting an increased BCL2/BAX ratio as well as enhanced survival and proliferation in the affected cells .	9	93
These ER-regulated hsa-let-7 microRNAs can be detected in most hyperplastic endometria , suggesting their potential utility as indicators of estrogen over-exposure .	
Serum GP73 was correlated with liver cirrhosis ( r=0.27 ) , vascular invasion ( r=0.29 ) , and TNM staging ( r=0.27 ) ( all P less than 0.05 ) , but not with sex ( r=0.13 ) , age ( r=0.10 ) , enhanced AFP ( > 13.4 mug/L ; r=0.03 ) , tumor size ( r=0.18 ) , or distant metastasis ( r=0.04 ) , all P less than 0.05 .	
Further examination of 13762 MAT rat mammary adenocarcinoma cells found that reversal of the glycolytic phenotype by DCA correlated with the inhibition of proliferation without any increase in cell death .	31	3
This was despite a small but significant increase in caspase 3/7 activity , which may sensitize cancer cells to other apoptotic triggers .	8	81
In vivo , DCA caused a 58% reduction in the number of lung metastases observed macroscopically after injection of 13762 MAT cells into the tail vein of rats ( P = 0.0001 , n > or = 9 per group ) .	1	12
These results demonstrate that DCA has anti-proliferative properties in addition to pro-apoptotic properties , and can be effective against highly metastatic disease in vivo , highlighting its potential for clinical use .	1	12	81	8
The glycolytic phenotype is a widespread phenomenon in solid cancer forms , including breast cancer .	
Dichloroacetate ( DCA ) has recently been proposed as a novel and relatively non-toxic anti-cancer agent that can reverse the glycolytic phenotype in cancer cells through the inhibition of pyruvate dehydrogenase kinase .	
We have examined the effect of DCA against breast cancer cells , including in a highly metastatic in vivo model .	
The growth of several breast cancer cell lines was found to be inhibited by DCA in vitro .	
Future studies along these lines may lead to targeting of B1 cells to regulate Mφ response in inflammation and cancer .	a	a2
Consistent with the suggestion that TGF-beta's enhancement of invasion and metastasis is paracrine-based , we observed no significant differences among the cell clones in an in vitro invasion assay .	1
Thus , in this experimental model system in vitro assays of cell proliferation and invasion do not accurately reflect in vivo observations , perhaps due to autocrine and paracrine effects of TGF-beta that influence the important in vivo-based phenomena of tumor growth , invasion , and metastasis .	
SB203580 , a specific inhibitor of p38 MAPK , or p38 MAPK-small interfering RNA ( siRNA ) , were used to identify the role of p38 in growth suppression by UC-MSCs .	
Methods : We characterized the effect of human umbilical cord mesenchymal stem cells ( UC-MSCs ) on proliferation , cell cycle and phosphorylation pattern of p38 MAPK in HL60 and K562 cells .	
RESULTS Treatment with UC-MSCs led to potent proliferation-inhibition of HL60 and K562 cells without inducing apoptosis .	
We also investigated the expression of cell cycle regulators .	
Cell-contact and soluble factors are demonstrated to play a role in the growth inhibition of tumor cells mediated by MSCs in vitro , while there is little clue about signaling pathways involved in the process .	
BACKGROUND/AIMS Mesenchymal stem cells ( MSCs ) have been implicated in antitumor therapy for hematopoietic and non-hematopoietic tumors .	
We here investigate whether p38 MAPK is involved in MSC-induced growth inhibition of leukemic tumor cells .	
P38 MAPK has been implicated as a suppressor of cell proliferation and tumorigenesis .	
We report that macrophages can promote tumorigenic progression of intestinal epithelial cells ( evidenced by decreased cell-cell contact inhibition , increased proliferation and apoptosis , gain of anchorage-independent growth capability , decreased membranous E-cadherin expression , up-regulation of cyclooxygenase-2 expression , down-regulation of transforming growth factor-beta type II receptor expression and resistance to the anti-proliferative activity of transforming growth factor-beta(1) ) in a paracrine , cyclooxygenase-2-dependent manner .	a	52	a2	5	9	8	93	81
UC-MSCs increased phosphorylation of p38 MAPK in HL60 and K562 cells .	921	92	9
Growth inhibition by UC-MSCs was due to G0/G1 arrest .	5	51
Here , we demonstrate that RAD001 has dose-dependent effects on the cell cycle in ALL cells , with 1.5 \u03bcM RAD001 inhibiting pRb , Ki67 and PCNA expression and increasing G0/1 cell cycle arrest , whereas 16 \u03bcM RAD001 increases pRb , cyclin D1 , Ki67 and PCNA , with no evidence of an accumulation of cells in G0/1 .	
Transition from G2 into mitosis was promoted by 16 \u03bcM RAD001 with reduced phosphorylation of cdc2 in cells with 4 N DNA content .	
However , 16 \u03bcM RAD001 preferentially induced cell death in cells undergoing mitosis .	
METHODS Comet assay was employed to detect DNA damage .	
OBJECTIVE To explore the association between DNA damage induced by vinyl chloride monomer ( VCM ) and polymorphisms of DNA repair genes and xenobiotic metabolism genes of VCM .	
Case-control design was used to investigate the association between the genetic polymorphisms and DNA damage induced by VCM .	
Based on the status of DNA damage , the VCM exposure workers were divided into two groups : DNA damage group ( 75 ) and control group ( 75 ) .	
PCR assay was used to detect positive and null genotype of GSTT1 and GSTM1 .	
Genotypes of XRCC1 ( Arg194Trp , Arg280His and Arg399Gln ) , XPD ( Ile199Met , Asp312Asn and Lys751Gln ) and CYP2E1 were identified by the PCR-RFLP .	
Logistic regression analysis showed that there was significant association between the genotypes of XRCC1 194 , XRCC1 399 , XPD 751 , CYP2E1 and DNA damages .	61	6
RESULTS Univariate analysis showed that the CYP2E1 c1c2/c2c2 and XPD751 Lys/Gln and Gln/Gln genotypes were significantly associated with the increased levels of DNA damage , XRCCI 339 Arg/Gln and Gln/Gln genotypes were significantly associated with the decreased levels of DNA damage ( P < 0.01 , P < 0.05 , respectively ) .	61	6
CONCLUSION Cumulative exposure dose and genotypes of XRCC1 194 , XRCC1 399 , XPD 751 and CYP2E1 may modulate the DNA damage induced by VCM exposure .	61	6
A prominent risk decreasing of DNA damage was observed for those individuals possessing XRCC1 399Arg/Gln + Gln/Gln genotypes ( OR : 0.35 , 95%CI : 0.12 approximately 1.01 , respectively ) ; The results also showed that there were significant associations between CYP2E1 c1c2/c2c2 and DNA damage both in high and low VCM-exposed groups ( OR : 2.57 , 95%CI : 1.01 approximately 6.59 and OR : 2.57 , 95%CI : 0.99 approximately 6.87 ) .	
This irreversible ' fail-safe mechanism ' requires p19(ARF) , p53 and the Retinoblastoma ( Rb ) family : upon their disruption , RAS(V12)-expressing cells fail to undergo senescence and continue to proliferate .	
Primary fibroblasts respond to activated H-RAS(V12) by undergoing premature arrest , which resembles replicative senescence .	
Furthermore , DRIL1 immortalizes mouse fibroblasts , in the presence of high levels of p16(INK4a) .	4	41
In this way , DRIL1 not only rescues RAS(V12)-induced senescence but also causes these fibroblasts to become highly oncogenic .	42	4
DRIL1 renders primary murine fibroblasts unresponsive to RAS(V12)-induced anti-proliferative signalling by p19(ARF)/p53/p21(CIP1) , as well as by p16(INK4a) .	
We report on the identification of DRIL1 , the human orthologue of the mouse Bright and Drosophila dead ringer transcriptional regulators .	
We have previously shown that the combination of the mTOR inhibitor RAD001 ( everolimus ) and the chemotherapeutic agent vincristine increases the survival of non-obese diabetic/severe combined immuno-deficient ( NOD/SCID ) mice bearing human ALL xenografts .	
We have also shown that 16 \u03bcM RAD001 synergized with agents that cause DNA damage or microtubule disruption in pre-B ALL cells in vitro .	
Mechanistically , this phenotype was linked to a defective NF-κB activation , but a functional TRIF/STAT1 pathway .	
Results obtained by quantitative real-time reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction ( qRT-PCR ) revealed that fibroblasts on the fibroin surface expressed transforming growth factor \u03b2-induced protein ( TGFBI ) , which is an extracellular matrix ( ECM ) protein , stronger than on other surfaces in the early cell-culture stages .	11	1
These results demonstrate that the fibroin surface shows higher potential to enhance cell migration and the production of ECM than a collagen or fibronectin surface .	11	1
This study measured the distance traversed , or mileage , of mouse fibroblasts on a silk fibroin surface .	
Fibroblasts on the fibroin surface moved with better progress during 24 h than cells on collagen or fibronectin surfaces .	
TYMPst expression was correlated with VEGF expression and tenascin ( p=0.014 and p=0.011 , respectively ) .	71	7	711
Cell migration on various biomaterials is also believed to improve the rate of wound healing and implant therapies in the tissue-engineering field .	
B1-cell-derived IL-10 was found to be instrumental in the polarization of these Mφ .	
NS-cultured cells exposed to H(2)O(2) showed significantly reduced cell viability ( % ) , increased p53 and caspase-3 , and DNA fragmentation , without affecting ADNP expression .	
PAC(1)/VPAC receptor antagonists completely suppressed PACAP-stimulated ADNP increase and partially reduced ADNP expression in SS cells .	
Treatment with PACAP38 ( 10(-9) to 10(-5) M ) dose-dependently increased ADNP levels in NS but not in SS cells .	
Results showed that ADNP levels increased time-dependently ( 6-48 h ) in SS cells .	
Here , we investigated the involvement of this signaling system in the survival response of MPNST cells against hydrogen peroxide ( H(2)O(2))-evoked death both in the presence of normal serum ( NS ) and in serum-starved ( SS ) cells .	
However , whether PACAP/ADNP signaling is involved in the resistance to cell death in MPNST cells remains to be clarified .	
Both pituitary adenylate cyclase-activating polypeptide ( PACAP ) and activity-dependent neuroprotective protein ( ADNP ) have glioprotective potential .	
Malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumors ( MPNSTs ) are sarcomas able to grow under conditions of metabolic stress caused by insufficient nutrients or oxygen .	
Altogether , these finding provide evidence for the involvement of an endogenous PACAP-mediated ADNP signaling system that increases MPNST cell resistance to H(2)O(2)-induced death upon serum starvation .	
Serum starvation significantly reduced H(2)O(2)-induced detrimental effects in MPNST cells , which were not further ameliorated by PACAP38 .	
CONCLUSIONS Major lung resection for early stage NSCLC leads to a pro-angiogenic status , with increased Ang-2 and decreased Ang-1 productions .	7	71
Compared with open group , VATS had significantly lower plasma levels of VEGF ( VATS 170 ± 93 pg/mL ; Open 486 ± 641 pg/mL ; P = 0.04 ) and Ang-2 ( VATS 2484 ± 1119 pg/mL ; Open 3379 ± 1287 pg/mL ; P = 0.026 ) on POD3 .	71	7	711
RESULTS Patient demographics were comparable .	
Blood samples were collected preoperatively and postoperatively on days ( POD ) 1 and 3 for enzyme linked immunosorbent assay determination of angiogenic factors .	
No significant peri-operative changes in VEGF levels were observed .	71	7	711
For all patients undergoing major lung resection , postoperative Ang-1 and sVEGFR2 levels were significantly decreased , while Ang-2 and sVEGFR1 levels markedly increased .	71	7	711
Vascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF ) , angiopoietin 1 ( Ang-1 ) , Ang-2 , soluble VEGF-receptor 1 ( sVEGFR1 ) and sVEGFR2 may influence angiogenesis .	
BACKGROUND Angiogenic factors following oncological surgery is important in tumor recurrence .	
METHODS Forty-three consecutive patients underwent major lung resection through either VATS ( n = 23 ) or Open thoracotomy ( n = 20 ) over an 8-month period .	
This prospective study examined the influence of open and video-assisted thoracic surgery ( VATS ) lung resections for early stage non-small cell lung cancer ( NSCLC ) on postoperative circulating angiogenic factors .	
Ym1 , Fizz1 ) and overexpression of TRIF-dependent cytokines ( IFN-β , CCL5 ) .	
This study provides valuable information for the future development and use of targeted therapies , such as oxamate , for the treatment of patients with Taxol-resistant breast cancer .	
Cancer cells convert glucose preferentially to lactate even in the presence of oxygen ( aerobic glycolysis-Warburg effect ) .	
This supports that Warburg effect is a property of Taxol resistant cancer cells and may play an important role in the development of Taxol resistance .	31	3
By combining tumor necrosis factor-related apoptosis-inducing ligand ( TRAIL ) with arginine deprivation using ADI-PEG20 ( pegylated arginine deiminase ) , we achieved enhanced apoptosis and accelerated cell death in melanoma cell lines .	
To our knowledge , this is the first report showing that the increased expression of LDH-A plays an important role in Taxol resistance of human breast cancer cells .	
Here , we report for the first time the essential role of B cells in regulating macrophage ( Mφ ) phenotype .	
Regulatory T cells , characterized by FOX-P3 and TGF-beta mRNA level , were decreased in OTRs .	
New concepts in cancer treatment aim at inhibition of aerobic glycolysis .	
However , autophagy can potentially counteract the effectiveness of this treatment by acting as a pro-survival pathway .	
Expression of key DNA repair and cell cycle regulatory proteins was detected and quantified by western blot analysis .	
We employed the telomeric repeat amplification protocol to quantify telomerase activity .	
Apoptosis was quantified by flow-cytometric analysis of annexin V-binding and senescence was analyzed on the basis of cellular beta-galactosidase activity .	
The latter was also examined by phosphorylation of histone H2AX and formation of 53BP1 and Rad51 foci .	
Single and double-strand break repair was measured by single-cell gel electrophoresis .	
On immunohistochemistry the tumor cells were positive for cytokeratin ( CK)7 , CK19 , thyroid transcription factor-1 ( TTF-1 ) and vimentin .	
The persistence of tumor-initiating cells may depend on altered regulation of DNA damage and checkpoint proteins , as well as a reduced propensity to undergo apoptosis or senescence .	
INTRODUCTION A subpopulation of cancer cells , tumor-initiating cells , is believed to be the driving force behind tumorigenesis and resistance to radiation and chemotherapy .	
In this study , manganese toxicity was investigated using cultured T98G cells , which are derived from human glioblasts with the ability to differentiate into several different types of neuroglia .	
Both cell types had round to oval vesicular nuclei with tiny nucleoli and mildly eosinophilic cytoplasm .	
Mitotic figures were not evident and necrosis was not observed .	83	8
Psammoma bodies were seen focally in one of the patients .	
Thyroid-like low-grade nasopharyngeal papillary adenocarcinoma ( LGNPPA ) is extremely rare ; only four cases have been reported .	
Herein are presented the case reports of two Japanese male patients with thyroid-like LGNPPA .	
When cells were treated with manganese for 24h , ROS dose-dependently increased while antioxidant intracellular GSH decreased .	a21	a2	a
RESULTS Our data demonstrate that in comparison to the bulk population of MCF-7 cells ( predominantly CD24+/CD44+ ) , the MCF-7 mammosphere cells benefit from a multifaceted approach to cellular protection relative to that seen in monolayer cells , including a reduced level of reactive oxygen species , a more active DNA single-strand break repair ( SSBR ) pathway , possibly due to a higher level of expression of the key SSBR protein , human AP endonuclease 1 ( Ape1 ) , and a significantly reduced propensity to undergo senescence as a result of increased telomerase activity and a low level of p21 protein expression .	62	42	4	6
Arginine deprivation is a promising strategy for treating ASS-negative malignant tumors including melanoma .	
Regulation of adaptive immunity by innate immune cells is widely accepted .	
Therefore , the aim of this study was to evaluate compounds that could activate pyruvate dehydrogenase in cancer cells .	
We investigated the effects of ( R)-(+)-α-lipoic acid ( LPA ) and dichloroacetate ( DCA ) , possible activators of pyruvate dehydrogenase , on suppression of aerobic glycolysis and induction of cell death .	
Centrosome overduplication or amplification has been observed in many human cancers and in premalignant tissue , but the mechanisms leading to such centrosome aberrations are not fully understood .	
The neuroblastoma cell lines Kelly , SK-N-SH , Neuro-2a and the breast cancer cell line SkBr3 were incubated with different concentrations ( 0.1-30 mM ) of LPA and DCA .	
Using four pairs of filamin-A proficient and deficient isogenic cell lines , we found that filamin-A deficiency in cancer cells significantly reduces their migration and invasion .	11	1
Using a xenograft tumor model with subcutaneous and intracardiac injections of tumor cells , we found that the filamin-A deficiency causes significant reduction of lung , splenic and systemic metastasis in nude mice .	1	12
Filamin-A cross-links actin filaments into dynamic orthogonal networks , and interacts with an array of proteins of diverse cellular functions .	
Because several filamin-A interaction partners are implicated in signaling of cell mobility regulation , we tested the hypothesis that filamin-A plays a role in cancer metastasis .	
The experiments comprised a 2 x 2 full factorial design with surgical sepsis versus sham and IL-15 versus vehicle .	
We evaluated the expression of filamin-A in breast cancer tissues by immunohistochemical staining , and found that low levels of filamin-A expression in cancer cells of the tumor tissues are associated with a better distant metastasis-free survival than those with normal levels of filamin-A .	1	12
These data not only validate filamin-A as a prognostic marker for cancer metastasis , but also suggest that inhibition of filamin-A in cancer cells may reduce metastasis and that filamin-A can be used as a therapeutic target for filamin-A positive cancer .	1	12
Parallel analysis of the same samples using both Southern blot and QPCR showed that the DNA adducts measured by QPCR corresponded to the interstrand cross-links in the case of melphalan , and to total drug-induced lesions in the case of the platinum drugs .	
The detection limit was lesions/10(6) nucleotides using DNA from cells .	
Gene-specific damage was examined using Southern blot and a multiplex long quantitative PCR ( QPCR ) carried out in a 7\u2003kb fragment ( part of the p53 gene ) and a 0.5\u2003kb fragment ( part of the IFN-\u03b21 sequence ; internal standard ) .	
RESULTS The extent of PCR amplification of a p53 fragment was inversely proportional to the treatment concentrations of all anticancer drugs examined , indicating a dose-related inhibition by the DNA adducts formed .	
AIM In order to develop and validate a simple , sensitive and rapid method for the quantitation of alkylating drug-induced DNA damage .	
METHODS HepG2 cells and blood samples were treated with alkylating drugs ( melphalan , cisplatin , carboplatin ) .	
The advantages of this methodology are based on : its far greater sensitivity ( about 250 times ) than the traditional Southern blot-based method ( the detection limit is lesions/10(6) nucleotides from the equivalent DNA of cells ) ; its simplicity and speed ( results obtained within its excellent reproducibility , with a coefficient of variance of 10-15% for different DNA preparations from similarly treated cells ; its requirement for only minute amounts of material , and ; the avoidance of radioisotope labeling .	
Moreover , emphasis was given to translate basic research findings into clinical practice through the validation of this assay for prediction of clinical outcome in multiple myeloma patients .	
WHAT IS ALREADY KNOWN ABOUT THIS SUBJECT Previous studies have indicated that the levels of DNA damage induced in peripheral blood mononuclear cells by the alkylating drugs melphalan , cisplatin and carboplatin can serve as useful biomarkers predictive of the therapeutic response of cancer patients to these drugs .	
WHAT THIS STUDY ADDS In the present study we developed a quantitative PCR-based assay , for the measurement of DNA damage .	
Next-generation DNA sequencing promises to revolutionize clinical medicine and basic research .	
However , while this technology has the capacity to generate hundreds of billions of nucleotides of DNA sequence in a single experiment , the error rate of results in hundreds of millions of sequencing mistakes .	
These scattered errors can be tolerated in some applications but become extremely problematic when " deep sequencing " genetically heterogeneous mixtures , such as tumors or mixed microbial populations .	
To overcome limitations in sequencing accuracy , we have developed a method termed Duplex Sequencing .	
This approach greatly reduces errors by independently tagging and sequencing each of the two strands of a DNA duplex .	
As the two strands are complementary , true mutations are found at the same position in both strands .	
In contrast , PCR or sequencing errors result in mutations in only one strand and can thus be discounted as technical error .	
We determine that Duplex Sequencing has a theoretical background error rate of less than one artifactual mutation per billion nucleotides sequenced .	
In addition , we establish that detection of mutations present in only one of the two strands of duplex DNA can be used to identify sites of DNA damage .	
We apply the method to directly assess the frequency and pattern of random mutations in mitochondrial DNA from human cells .	
Cyclooxygenase-2-mediated stromal-epithelial cell signalling during the early stages of intestinal tumorigenesis provides a novel target for chemoprevention of colorectal cancer ( and other gastro-intestinal epithelial malignancies , which arise on a background of chronic inflammation , such as gastric cancer ) and may explain the discrepancy between the concentrations of cyclooxygenase inhibitors required to produce anti-neoplastic effects in vitro and in vivo .	a	a2
Therefore , we tested the hypothesis that macrophage cyclooxygenase-2 has paracrine pro-tumorigenic activity using in vitro models of macrophage-epithelial cell interactions .	
In human colorectal adenomas or polyps , cyclooxygenase-2 is expressed predominantly by stromal ( or interstitial ) macrophages .	
Pharmacologically relevant concentrations ( 1-2 microM ) of a selective cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitor had no detectable , direct effect on intestinal epithelial cells but inhibited the macrophage-epithelial cell signal mediating tumorigenic progression .	a	a2
Equally important , methyl sulfone has a well-established safety profile in humans .	
Disruption of autocrine TGF-beta signaling in the TGF-beta-overexpressing cells reduced their in vivo growth rate .	9	92
Co-inoculation of Matrigel with the TGF-beta-overexpressing cells expressing the truncated TbetaRII compensated for their diminished in vivo growth capacity , compared with the TGF-beta-overexpressing cells with an intact autocrine loop .	
Tissue invasion by the tumor was a distinctive feature of the TGF-beta-overexpressing cells , whether or not the autocrine loop was intact .	11	1	92	9
Furthermore , tumors derived from TGF-beta-overexpressing cells , irrespective of the status of the autocrine TGF-beta-signaling pathway , had a higher incidence of lung metastasis .	1	92	12	9
To characterize the impact of increased production of TGF-beta in a xenograft model of human breast cancer , TGF-beta-responsive MDA-231 cells were genetically modified by stable transfection so as to increase their production of active TGF-beta1 .	
In contrast to other reports , our results do not support a regulatory role of serotonin or MLT receptor activation or inhibition in PCa growth .	
In vivo , however , tumors derived from these cells exhibited increased proliferation and grew at an accelerated pace .	
To evaluate the role of autocrine TGF-beta signaling , cells were also transfected with a dominant-negative truncated type II TGF-beta receptor ( TbetaRII ) .	
Supernumerary centrosomes showed higher frequencies of p53 localization compared to normally duplicated centrosomes .	
Consequently , the CD4+/CD8+ ratio was significantly increased in both groups with metastasis .	2	1	12	21
The relative percentage of CD4+ T-cells was significantly greater in metastasized tumors ( both MC-BMT and MC ) , ( P < 0.05 ) while the proportion of CD8+ T-cells was higher in MC-BMT without metastasis .	2	1	12	21
CONCLUSION The intensity of lymphocytic infiltrate and probably the relative abundance of the CD4+ and CD8+ T-lymphocytes may represent important survival prognostic biomarkers for canine mammary carcinomas .	2	21
Regardless of the tumor type , the animals with high proportions of CD4+ and low CD8+ T-cells had decreased survival rates .	2	21
Depression is the most common psychiatric syndrome in cancer patients and adversely affects anti-cancer immune system and life quality of patients .	
Surprisingly , we found that malignant melanoma cells exposed to methyl sulfone demonstrated the loss of phenotypes characteristic of malignant cells , and the reemergence of phenotypes characteristic of healthy melanocytes .	
We previously showed that abnormal mitotic cells with supernumerary centrosomes increase with replicative senescence in human fibroblasts , especially in a polyploid subpopulation .	
IL-15 also decreased sepsis-induced gut epithelial apoptosis .	8	81
IL-15 therapy increased the abundance of antiapoptotic Bcl-2 while decreasing proapoptotic Bim and PUMA .	8	81
Centrosome-associated p53 protein was phosphorylated at Ser15 .	
This study tested the ability of IL-15 to block apoptosis , prevent immunosuppression , and improve survival in sepsis .	
Mice were made septic using cecal ligation and puncture or Pseudomonas aeruginosa pneumonia .	
IL-15 is a pluripotent antiapoptotic cytokine that signals to cells of both the innate and adaptive immune system and is regarded as a highly promising immunomodulatory agent in cancer therapy .	
Sepsis is a lethal condition in which apoptosis-induced depletion of immune cells and subsequent immunosuppression are thought to contribute to morbidity and mortality .	
Cytokine production was examined both in plasma of treated mice and splenocytes that were stimulated ex vivo .	
IL-15 blocked sepsis-induced apoptosis of NK cells , dendritic cells , and CD8 T cells .	8	81
Furthermore , DMI activated PERK-eIF2α and ATF6 of endoplasmic reticulum ( ER ) stress pathway , while knockdown of PERK with the PERK-specific short interfering RNA ( siRNA ) could obviously attenuate the autophagy .	82	8
In addition to survival studies , splenic cellularity , canonical markers of activation and proliferation , intracellular pro- and antiapoptotic Bcl-2 family protein expression , and markers of immune cell apoptosis were evaluated by flow cytometry .	
Cancer cells have elevated aerobic glycolysis that is termed the Warburg effect .	
But several tumor cells , including leukemic cells , also increase glutamine metabolism , which is initiated by glutaminase ( GLS ) .	
The microRNA ( miRNA ) miR-23 targets GLS mRNA and inhibits expression of GLS protein .	
Here we show that in human leukemic Jurkat cells the NF-κB p65 subunit binds to miR-23a promoter and inhibits miR-23a expression .	
Histone deacetylase ( HDAC ) inhibitors release p65-induced inhibition .	
Jurkat cells growing in glutamine decrease proliferation due to cell accumulation in G0/G1 phase .	91	9
Nevertheless , cells get used to this new source of energy by increasing GLS expression , which correlates with an increase in p65 expression and its translocation to the nucleus , leading to a higher basal NF-κB activity .	
Jurkat cells overexpressing p65 show increase basal GLS expression and proliferate faster than control cells in glutamine medium .	
Overexpressing miR-23a in leukemic cells impaired glutamine use and induces mitochondrial dysfunction leading to cell death .	
Therefore , p65 activation decreases miR-23a expression , which facilitates glutamine consumption allowing leukemic cells to use this alternative source of carbon and favoring their adaptation to the metabolic environment .	3
Immunohistochemical analysis frequently showed p53-positive foci in mitotic cells , and some were localized at centrosomes .	
Long term management of the underlying renal condition is necessary to improve their postoperative survival .	
Prognosis after lung resection for lung cancer patients on HD is not satisfactory .	
Many patients die of non cancer related causes such as heart failure and infection .	
FZR1 is an anaphase-promoting complex ( APC ) activator best known for its role in the mitotic cell cycle at M-phase exit , in G1 , and in maintaining genome integrity .	
In the presence of normal mitogenic stimuli the growth rate of LCLs knockdown for E2F1 was markedly impaired ; indicating that E2F1 plays a dual role in EBV positive cells and that active engagement of the EBNA3C-E2F1 complex is crucial for inhibition of DNA damage induced E2F1-mediated apoptosis .	61	6	81	8
Moreover , in response to DNA damage , E2F1 knockdown LCLs exhibited a significant reduction in apoptosis with higher cell-viability .	61	81	8	6
Mechanistically , we show that EBNA3C represses E2F1 transcriptional activity via blocking its DNA-binding activity at the responsive promoters of p73 and Apaf-1 apoptosis induced genes , and also facilitates E2F1 degradation in an ubiquitin-proteasome dependent fashion .	8	81
The N- and C-terminal domains of EBNA3C form a stable pRb independent complex with the N-terminal DNA-binding region of E2F1 responsible for inducing apoptosis .	8	81
Now , we also show that EBNA3C efficiently blocks E2F1-mediated apoptosis , as well as its anti-proliferative effects in a p53-independent manner , in response to DNA damage .	61	6	81	8
Importantly , EBNA3C was previously shown to suppress p53-induced apoptosis .	8	81
In this study , we demonstrate that in response to DNA damage LCLs knocked down for EBNA3C undergo a drastic induction of apoptosis , as a possible consequence of both p53- and E2F1-mediated activities .	61	81	8	6
E2F1 also plays a pivotal role in regulating DNA damage induced apoptosis through both p53-dependent and -independent pathways .	
EBNA3C was previously shown to target pRb for ubiquitin-proteasome mediated degradation , which facilitates G1 to S transition controlled by the major transcriptional activator E2F1 .	
EBV latent antigen EBNA3C is indispensible for in vitro B-cell immortalization resulting in continuously proliferating lymphoblastoid cell lines ( LCLs ) .	
The calculated activation barrier for Michael addition is 28.7 kcal/mol , indicating that the reaction with dA is very slow .	
Previous studies also established that it prevents meiotic resumption , equivalent to the G2/M transition .	
Although the main purpose of this protocol is its downstream application ( i.e. , next-generation sequencing to map out the 5-hmC distribution in genome ) , it is compatible with single-molecule , real-time SMRT ( DNA ) sequencing , which is capable of delivering single-base resolution sequencing of 5-hmC .	
Our selective labeling and capture protocol confers high sensitivity , applicable to any source of genomic DNA with variable/diverse 5-hmC abundances .	
The resulting 5-hmC-enriched DNA fragments could be used for downstream analyses , including next-generation sequencing .	
These observations provide strong evidence to support C141 as the direct H atom donor .	
Here we report that mouse oocytes lacking FZR1 undergo passage through meiosis I that is accelerated by h , and this is due to an earlier onset of spindle assembly checkpoint ( SAC ) satisfaction and APC(CDC20) activity .	
Serum levels of DKK1 from 37 ICC patients were tested by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay .	
However , loss of FZR1 did not compromise SAC functionality ; instead , earlier SAC satisfaction was achieved because the bipolar meiotic spindle was assembled more quickly in the absence of FZR1 .	
Consequently , CDK2-cyclin A activity was also elevated , concomitant with the RB protein hyperphosphorylation .	91	9
This novel regulation of spindle assembly by FZR1 led to premature bivalent attachment to microtubules and loss of kinetochore-bound MAD2 .	
The expression levels of CD57 and TNFalpha were evaluated according to histopathologic grading groups and clinical staging groups .	
These results suggest that the constitutively active DeltaEGFR can enhance cell proliferation in part by down-regulation of p27 through activation of the PI3-K/Akt pathway .	9	93
Antigen-specific suppressor T cells were found in the spleens of mice exposed to UVA + UVB radiation .	
No immune suppression was found in UV-irradiated mice injected with monoclonal anti-interleukin ( IL)-10 antibody , or mice exposed to solar-simulated UV radiation and injected with recombinant IL-12 .	2	22
In this study we identify a previously uncharacterized RING-domain-containing protein , RACO-1 ( RING domain AP-1 co-activator-1 ) , as a c-Jun co-activator that is regulated by growth factor signalling .	
Applying liposomes containing bacteriophage T4N5 to the skin of mice exposed to solar-simulated UVA + UVB radiation or mice exposed to UVA radiation blocked immune suppression , demonstrating an essential role for UV-induced DNA damage in the suppression of established immune reactions .	61	2	22	6
Recently we showed that solar-simulated UV radiation ( UVA + UVB ; 295-400 nm ) , applied after immunization , suppressed immunological memory and the elicitation of delayed-type hypersensitivity to the common opportunistic pathogen , Candida albicans .	2	22
The ultraviolet ( UV ) radiation present in sunlight is immune-suppressive .	
Here we report on the mechanisms involved .	
Further , we found that wavelengths in the UVA region of the solar spectrum ( 320-400 nm ) , devoid of UVB , were equally effective in activating immune suppression as UVA + UVB radiation .	2	22
Bivalents , however , were observed to congress poorly , leading to nondisjunction rates of 25% .	
The further Methylation-Specific Polymerase Chain Reaction ( MSP ) assay suggested that over-expressed EZH2 may contribute to the reduction of p16(INK4a) expression by hyper methylating its promoter .	
METHODS Tissue microarrays of 138 ICC patient samples were employed to detect DKK1 , vascular endothelial growth factor C ( VEGF-C ) , and matrix metalloproteinase 9 ( MMP9 ) expression using immunohistochemistry .	
At the molecular level we observed the downregulation of genes involved in the inflammatory response , including IL-1β and TNF-α , and of matrix metalloproteinase-7 gene and protein expression .	a1	a
After conjugation of near-infrared dye to 10 , agonist activity ( EC(50) = 34 nM ) and binding affinity ( K(i) = 11 nM ) were retained in 13 .	
Fluorescence signal was present in TLR2 expressing pancreatic tumor xenografts 24 h after injection of 13 , while an excess of unlabeled ligand blocked 13 from binding to the tumor , resulting in significantly decreased signal ( p < 0.001 ) demonstrating in vivo selectivity .	
Analogue 10 had the highest agonist activity ( NF-κB functional assay , EC(50) = 20 nM ) and binding affinity ( competitive binding assay , K(i) = 25 nM ) .	
As an immune adjuvant , compound 10 stimulated the immune system in vivo by generation and persistence of antigen-specific CD8+ T cells indicating its potential use in cancer immunotherapy .	2	21
Toll-like receptor 2 ( TLR2 ) is a target for immune system stimulation during cancer immunotherapy and a cell-surface marker for pancreatic cancer .	
To develop targeted agents for cancer imaging and therapy , we designed , synthesized , and characterized 13 novel , fully synthetic high affinity TLR2 agonists .	
In contrast , fucosyl residue contributes more than sialyl residue to cell adhesion to Fn and Ln , but less to adhesion to HUVEC , and is not essential in chemotactic cell migration and invasion .	11	1
Cell adhesion to HUVEC , migration , and invasion were inhibited by the monoclonal antibody of sialyl Lewis X , but not by the antibody of non-sialyl Lewis X. CONCLUSION Terminal sialyl residues on cell surface glycans are more important than fucosyl residues in mediating cell adhesion to HUVEC and cell migration/invasion , but the reverse is true in cell adhesion to Fn and Ln .	11	1
PURPOSE The roles of terminal sialyl and fucosyl residues in cell surface glycans in the metastatic potential of H7721 cells , a human hepatocarcinoma cell line , were studied .	
METHODS Neuraminidase and alpha-L-fucosidase were used to remove the sialyl and fucosyl residues , respectively .	
Cell adhesion to fibronectin ( Fn ) , laminin ( Ln ) , and human umbilical vein epithelial cell ( HUVEC ) , as well as chemotactic cell migration and invasion , were selected as the parameters of metastatic potential ex vivo .	
RESULTS Sialyl residue is not essential for cell adhesion to Fn , but is important in cell adhesion to Ln and invasion , and is crucial in cell adhesion to HUVEC and migration .	11	1
In addition , both mRNA and protein levels of p16(INK4a) increased significantly in presence of EZH2 depletion .	
This study sought to investigate the prognostic value of DKK1 in intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma ( ICC ) and its role in promoting ICC metastasis .	
Results were measured using labelling indices ( LIs). p107 LIs surpassed the highest value in normal tissues in six of nine hyperplastic polyps , 54 of 60 adenomas , 144 of 198 primary cancers , 13 of 21 nodal foci and three of 10 hepatic foci. p107 LIs also apparently rose from normal through hyperplasia and adenoma to early carcinoma .	
To clarify the expression of p107 in colorectal tumours , 22 normal mucosae , 9 hyperplastic polyps , 60 adenomas , 198 primary carcinomas , 21 lymph-nodal metastases , and 10 hepatic metastases were immunohistochemically stained for p107 , cyclin A , cyclin E , CDK2 and Ki67 .	
These results indicate that metastatic ability can be influenced through several adaptive mechanisms , and that the cell's ability to resist oxidative stress and maintain intracellular glutathione are of central importance .	a21	12	1	a2	a
When cultured in vitro for a prolonged time ( more than 30 trypsinizations ) , the cells showed a reduced in vivo metastatic ability , reduced secretion of three metalloproteinases including the 60 kD proteinase , and reduced intracellular glutathione .	1	12
Thus , in colorectal tumours , p107 expression rises abnormally and gradually during carcinogenesis and then falls during invasion , and thereby probably perturbs the cell-cycle control and promotes carcinogenesis and invasion .	11	1
These cells were characterized by increased intracellular glutathione , proliferation and ability to restore glutathione after exposure to oxidative stress , thus indicating an elevated resistance to oxidative stress .	a21	a2	a
After repeated in vivo passages , a subline was selected that produced liver metastases at a considerably higher rate than the original cell line .	1	12
The colon carcinoma cell line CC531 is metastatic to liver after splenic injection in syngeneic rats .	1	12
Human genetic studies of three families with children suffering from lactic acidosis and hyperpyruvatemia revealed a causal locus that mapped to MPC1 , changing single amino acids that are conserved throughout eukaryotes .	
Clinically , reduced p107 may indicate a poorer prognosis .	
Finally , CtIP(S332A/-/-)BRCA1(-/-) and CtIP(+/-/-)BRCA1(-/-) showed similar sensitivities to these reagents .	
Taken together , our data indicate that , in addition to its function in HR , CtIP plays a role in cellular tolerance to topoisomerase inhibitors .	
We also generated DT40 cell line harboring CtIP with an alanine substitution at residue Ser332 , which is required for interaction with BRCA1 .	
Although the resulting CtIP(S332A/-/-) cells exhibited accumulation of RPA and Rad51 upon DNA damage , and were proficient in HR , they showed a marked hypersensitivity to camptothecin and etoposide in comparison with CtIP(+/-/-) cells .	
To analyze the function of CtIP in detail , we conditionally disrupted the CtIP gene in the chicken DT40 cell line .	
We found that CtIP is essential for cellular proliferation as well as for the formation of 3 ' single-strand overhang , similar to what is observed in DT40 cells deficient in the Mre11/Rad50/Nbs1 complex .	
Such modifications must be eliminated before DSB repair can take place , but it remains elusive which nucleases are involved in this process .	
Previous studies show that CtIP plays a critical role in the generation of 3 ' single-strand overhang at " clean " DSBs , thus initiating homologous recombination ( HR)-dependent DSB repair .	
Topoisomerase inhibitors such as camptothecin and etoposide are used as anti-cancer drugs and induce double-strand breaks ( DSBs ) in genomic DNA in cycling cells .	
These DSBs are often covalently bound with polypeptides at the 3 ' and 5 ' ends .	
Moreover , inability to regulate c-myc and c-ras oncogene expression is associated with loss of shape-dependent growth controls and contact inhibition but that loss of this regulation alone is not sufficient to release cells from contact-inhibited controls .	5	52
Those mitoses enhanced by TP53 silencing were shown to be multicentrosomal and multi-polar , containing fragmented and highly deranged chromosomes , indicating a loss of genome integrity .	
Subsequently , mitoses , micronucleation and senescence were all enhanced after TP53 reduction with senescence confirmed by upregulation of CDKN2A/p16ink4a and increased sa-β-galactosidase positivity .	42	4
In addition , the finding that TP53 can suppress senescence has caused a re-evaluation of its functional role in regulating these outcomes .	
Recent studies have highlighted an apparently paradoxical link between self-renewal and senescence triggered by DNA damage in certain cell types .	
Nuclear POU5F1/OCT4A and p21cip1 were upregulated in the same cells following etoposide-induced G 2M arrest .	511	5	51
To investigate these phenomena and their relationship to pluripotency and senescence , we examined the response of the TP53-competent embryonal carcinoma ( EC ) cell line PA1 to etoposide-induced DNA damage .	
Phosphorylated CHK2 and Rad51/γH2AX-positive nuclear foci , overexpression of Aurora B kinase and moderate macroautophagy were evident .	
However , while accumulating in the karyosol , the amount of OCT4A was reduced in the chromatin fraction .	
Reduction of TP53 using sh- or si-RNA prevented the upregulation of OCT4A and p21cip1 and increased DNA damage .	61	6
Upon release from G 2M arrest , cells with repaired DNA entered mitoses , while the cells with persisting DNA damage remained at this checkpoint or underwent mitotic slippage and gradually senesced .	51	42	61	62	5	4	6	511
Mean body weights of 16 mg/m(3) males and 8 mg/m(3) or greater females were significantly less than those of the chamber controls , and the 32 mg/m(3) females lost weight during the study .	
Absolute and relative lung weights of 4 mg/m(3) or greater males and all exposed groups of females and liver weights of 16 mg/m(3) males were significantly greater than those of the chamber controls .	
The mediastinal lymph nodes were enlarged in 4 , 8 , and 16 mg/m(3) males and females , and lymphoid hyperplasia was confirmed histologically .	
Lavage fluid analysis indicated an inflammatory response in the lung that was either directly mediated by vanadium pentoxide or was secondary to lung damage induced by vanadium pentoxide exposure. 3-MONTH STUDY IN RATS : Groups of 10 male and 10 female rats were exposed to particulate aerosols of vanadium pentoxide at concentrations of 0 , 1 , 2 , 4 , 8 , or 16 mg/m(3) by inhalation , 6 hours per day , 5 days per week for 3 months .	a	a2
Seven males and three females exposed to 16 mg/m(3) died during the study .	
Mean body weights were significantly less in males exposed to 4 mg/m(3) or greater and in females exposed to 16 mg/m(3) .	
Abnormal breathing , thinness , lethargy , abnormal posture , and ruffled fur were observed in rats exposed to 16 mg/m(3) .	
Hematology results indicated that exposure of rats to vanadium pentoxide induced a microcytic erythrocytosis in males and females .	
Absolute and relative lung weights were significantly greater for 4 mg/m(3) or greater males and females than for the chamber controls as were the relative lung weights of 2 mg/m(3) males .	
The estrous cycle of females exposed to 8 mg/m(3) was significantly longer than that of the chamber control group , and the number of cycling females in the 16 mg/m(3) group was reduced .	
MAIN METHODS Twenty-eight rats were divided into four groups as control ( group 1 ; no treatment ; n=7 ) , EGCG ( group 2 ; n=7 ) , cisplatin ( group 3 ; n=7 ) or cisplatin and EGCG ( group 4 ; n=7 ) .	
In this study , we investigated the effects of EGCG on cisplatin-induced nephrotoxicity and potential mechanisms by which it enhances antioxidant activities and resolves inflammation after EGCG treatment during cisplatin-induced nephrotoxicity .	
Epigallocatechin-3-gallate ( EGCG ) has anti-oxidant , anti-inflammatory , and anti-tumorigenic properties .	
AIMS Cisplatin-induced nephrotoxicity is associated with increased oxidative stress and inflammatory cytokines in the kidney .	
KEY FINDINGS Cisplatin caused a significant decrease in the expression nuclear levels of NF-E2-related factor-2 ( Nrf2 ) , heme oxygenase-1(HO-1) , and an increase in the levels of nuclear factor-kappa B ( NF-kappaB p65 ) and 4-hydroxynonenal ( HNE ) an oxidative stress marker .	a21	a2	a
Our results showed that T(3) reduced the proliferation of mammary epithelial cells and inhibited the expression of cyclin D1 and T1 genes .	
On day 12 ( 10days after the cisplatin treatment ) , all rats were sacrificed by cervical dislocation .	
After 2 days of EGCG treatment at a dose of l00 mg/kg BW , rats were treated with a single i.p. injection of cisplatin ( 7 mg/kg BW ) .	
In addition , T(3) downregulated the expression of T1 , a gene that is overexpressed in human breast adenocarcinomas and is induced by mitogens , serum , and several oncogenes and cytokines .	
The study of cell-cycle genes showed that T(3) decreased cyclin D1 RNA and protein levels in EpH4 + TR alpha 1 cells .	91	9
Renal activities of antioxidant enzymes ( catalase , superoxide dismutase , glutathione peroxidase ) and glutathione were significantly lower in cisplatin-treated rats compared with control rats , and EGCG treatment significantly increased the activities of antioxidant enzymes and glutathione ( P<0.001 ) .	a21	a2	a
EGCG supplementation significantly improved the changes associated with cisplatin nephrotoxicity by increasing levels of Nrf-2 and HO-1 , and decreasing levels of NF-kappaB and HNE .	
We studied the effect of the c-erbA/TR alpha proto-oncogene encoding a functional T(3) receptor ( TR alpha 1 ) , of its ligand T(3) , and of its retroviral , mutated counterpart , the v-erbA oncogene , on the proliferation capacity of nontumorigenic mammary epithelial cells ( EpH4 ) .	
The relationship between thyroid hormone ( triiodothyronine , T(3) ) and breast cancer is unclear .	
T(3) inhibited DNA synthesis and proliferation in EpH4 + TR alpha 1 cells but not EpH4 or EpH4 + v-erbA cells .	
We found that EpH4 cells expressing ectopically TR ( EpH4 + TR alpha 1 ) or v-erbA ( EpH4 + v-erbA ) proliferated faster than parental EpH4 cells that contained low levels of endogenous TR .	9	93
Propofol is a known anesthetic agent , widely used for short-term anesthesia and for longer-term sedation .	
Propofol inhibits the proliferation of a variety of tumor cells , but there is no available information regarding propofol-inhibited migration and invasion of tumor cells in vitro .	
Metastasis is a major cause of death of patients with malignant tumors .	
Matrix metalloproteinases ( MMPs ) are important for the migration and invasion of various types of cancer cell .	
Gelatin zymographic analysis showed the inhibitory effect of propofol on the activation of expression MMP-2 .	
Western blot analysis also indicated that propofol suppressed the protein expiration of growth factor receptor-bound protein 2 ( GRB2 ) , Jun N-terminal kinases 1/2 ( p-JNK1/2 ) , p-p38 , MMP-2 and MMP-9 in A549 cells .	
In this study , we investigated the effects of propofol on the migration and invasion of human lung carcinoma A549 cells .	
Wound healing assay and Boyden chamber assays indicated that propofol inhibited the migration and invasion of A549 cells in vitro .	11	1
Results from real-time PCR assay also showed that propofol inhibited the mRNA gene expression of MMP-2 , -7 and -9 , and enhanced that of tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinase 1 ( TIMP1 ) and TIMP2 in A549 cells .	
Taken together , these data show that propofol inhibits MMP-2 and -9 mRNA and protein expressions , resulting in suppression of lung cancer cell invasion and migration in vitro .	11	1
MATERIAL AND METHOD A total of 351 consecutive patients , with surgical stages I-III colorectal cancer , who underwent curative resection at Phramongkutklao hospital from 1999 to 2005 , were followed regularly according to the established guidelines with routine physical examination , serum carcinoembryonic antigen ( CEA ) and colonoscopic surveillance .	
The aim of the present study was to assess the prognostic significance of commonly reported clinicopathologic features to identify high-risk patients who would likely benefit from more intensive chest surveillance for pulmonary metastases .	
Early detection of pulmonary metastases at a potentially curable stage could improve survival .	
BACKGROUND The presence of distant metastases from colorectal cancer ( CRC ) does not preclude curative treatment .	
These data indicate cyclin A-dependent loss of G1 arrest after TCDD treatment mainly downstream of the retinoblastoma protein .	91	9
The importance of increased cyclin A/cdk2 activity for TCDD-dependent release from contact inhibition was shown by the fact that the cdk2/cdc2-specific inhibitor olomoucine ( 25 microM ) abolished TCDD response .	91	9	5	52
Clinical and pathologic features were analyzed for their association with pulmonary metastasis .	
Imaging studies for detecting metastases were computed tomography ( CT ) , plain film radiography , and ultrasonograpy .	
We demonstrate that TCDD treatment significantly increases cyclin D2 and cyclin A protein levels and show by immunofluorescence that these proteins accumulate in the nucleus .	91	9
Loss of G1 arrest was also shown by flow cytometric analysis .	91	9
In accordance with a lack of elevated cdk4 activity , no decrease in the amount of hypophosphorylated retinoblastoma protein could be shown after TCDD treatment .	91	9
Although TCDD treatment leads to a strong increase in cyclin D2/cdk4 and cyclin A/cdk2 complex formation , we could only detect an elevation of cyclin A/cdk2 activity .	91	9
Although it is known that most of TCDD actions are mediated by binding to the aryl hydrocarbon receptor ( AhR ) , the mechanisms leading to tumor promotion still remain to be elucidated .	
2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin ( TCDD ) is the most potent tumor promoter ever tested in rodents .	
In rat liver epithelial WB-F344 cells , TCDD induces a release from contact inhibition , which is manifested by a twofold increase in cell number when TCDD ( 1 nM for 48 h ) is added to confluent cells in the presence of serum , but not when given to exponentially growing or subconfluent , serum-deprived WB-F344 cells .	5	52
Loss of contact inhibition is one characteristic hallmark in tumorigenesis .	
Pan-caspase blocking completely abrogates LYTF-induced apoptosis and partially abrogates LYTF-induced proliferation inhibition .	8	81
LYTF also induces cell senescence , as indicated by a large and flattened morphology , senescence-activated β-galactosidase-positive staining and G0/G1 cell cycle arrest , accompanied by the up-regulation of p16 and p21 and the down-regulation of retinoblastoma protein phosphorylation .	51	42	5	4	511
We found that LYTF inhibits the proliferation of Bel-7402 cells in a dose- and time-dependent manner .	
LYTF induces apoptosis in Bel-7402 cells , which is accompanied by activation of caspases-8 , -9 and -3 .	8	81
However , no hepatocarcinoma-specific liver Yin tonifying formula has yet been established .	
In the present study , we established a liver cancer-specific combination of herbs , which we term liver Yin tonifying formula ( LYTF ) .	
Liver cancer ranks as the fifth most prevalent malignancy of all cancers worldwide .	
According to the principles of traditional Chinese medicine , liver Yin deficiency is a common clinical syndrome of liver cancer , and tonifying liver Yin is a common treatment method for liver cancer .	
These findings suggest that LYTF is effective in inhibiting the growth and survival of hepatocarcinoma cells through the induction of apoptosis and cell senescence .	8	81	42	4
Our study also provides insight into traditional Chinese medicine methods used for the treatment of liver cancer .	
However , significant cytotoxicity was only observed in PCB 52 concentrations larger than 0.1 microg ml(-1) , while there was no significant inhibition in PCB 77-treated cells at concentrations selected .	
Furthermore , the time-dependent cytotoxic trends were different .	
The effect of polychlorinated biphenyls ( PCBs ) on Vero cell proliferation was investigated , with the attempts to assess the possible hormetic dose-response and to compare their structure-dependent toxicity .	
Both PCB congeners revealed low doses stimulation in our experiment .	
The comparison between PCB 52 and PCB 77 indicated that the cytotoxic mechanisms involved in coplanar or non-coplanar PCB congener exposure were different , and this difference might be associated with individual genotoxicity and the release of contact inhibition , respectively .	6	5	52
These data suggest that MCT4 may serve as a novel metabolic target to reverse the Warburg effect and limit disease progression in ccRCC .	31	3
Careful histological evaluation is important even for metastatic tumors .	1	12
There was strong DNA damage-induced hyperactivation of PARP-1 in pol \u03b2 nullcells , but not in wild-type cells .	61	6
These data suggest that PARP-1 hyperactivation is a protective mechanism triggering the classical-NHEJ DNA repair pathway when the primary alkylated base damage repair pathway is compromised .	62	6
DKK1 expression was elevated in an ICC cell line , tumor samples , and patient sera .	1	12
Hyperactivation of PAR synthesis by poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase-1 ( PARP-1 ) occurs when cells deficient in DNA repair are exposed to genotoxic agents ; however , the function of this hyperactivation has not been adequately explained .	
Regulation of poly(ADP-ribose) ( PAR ) synthesis and turnover is critical to determining cell fate after genotoxic stress .	
The results were treated with semi-quantitative method and analyzed by using non-parameter rank sum test .	
RESULTS Immunohistochemical staining of tumor cells for MMP-9 , TIMP-1 , MMP-2 , and TIMP-2 were noted 95.9% ( 47/49 ) , 57.1% ( 28/49 ) , 75.5% ( 37/49 ) and 89.8% ( 44/49 ) in invasive adenomas , and 100% ( 12/12 ) , 91.7% ( 11/12 ) , 66.7% ( 8/12 ) , and 91.7% ( 11/12 ) in non-invasive adenomas , respectively .	11	1
NO from donor drugs induced both ataxia-telangiectasia mutated ( ATM)- and ataxia-telangiectasia mutated and Rad3-related-dependent p53 posttranslational modifications , leading to an increase in p53 transcriptional targets and a G(2)M cell cycle checkpoint .	51	61	5	6	511
Such modifications were also identified in cells cocultured with NO-releasing macrophages .	
Free radical-induced cellular stress contributes to cancer during chronic inflammation .	
Here , we investigated mechanisms of p53 activation by the free radical , NO .	
Our study highlights a pivotal role of NO in the induction of cellular stress and the activation of a p53 response pathway during chronic inflammation .	a
Angiogenesis and tumor invasion both require degradation of the extracellular matrix components to allow cell migration .	
In noncancerous colon tissues from patients with ulcerative colitis ( a cancer-prone chronic inflammatory disease ) , inducible NO synthase protein levels were positively correlated with p53 serine 15 phosphorylation levels .	
Immunostaining of HDM-2 and p21(WAF1) was consistent with transcriptionally active p53 .	
METHODS Two-hundred and forty-one cases of formalin-fixed , paraffin-embedded tumor tissues and 14 paired pleural effusions from advanced NSCLC patients were collected .	
We proposed that MCME mediates inhibition against migration of CL1 cells by reducing the expression and activation of Src and FAK to decrease the expression of downstream Akt , β-catenin , and MMPs .	11	1
The prognostic significance was retained in ICC patients with low recurrence risk ( P < .05 ) .	
Molecular dynamics generated low energy structures with excellent NOE agreement for peptide 11 and its analogs .	
Although p21(Cip1) and p27(Kip1) play a role in this process , our results demonstrate that additional mechanisms must occur in G0 to S phase transition .	9	51	511	5	91
In the animal experiment , both the ACC-M and AmGCEN cells stimulated lung metastasis in all the mice , whereas there was no tumour found in the 1 x 10(6) AmIL-2 cells inoculation .	1	12
As previously reported elsewhere , we observed that the level of cyclinD1-CDK4 complex and its associated kinase activity were significantly low in asynchronously proliferating mouse embryo fibroblasts lacking both p21(Cip1) and p27(Kip1) ( p21/p27-null MEFs ) .	
These evidences imply that p21(Cip1) and p27(Kip1) CDK inhibitors are ' essential activators ' of cyclin D-kinases .	511	5	51
Deregulation of D-type cyclin-dependent kinases ( CDK4 and 6 ) is widely observed in various human cancers , illustrating their importance in cell cycle control .	
Like other cyclin-dependent kinases ( CDKs ) , assembly with cyclins is the most critical step for activation of CDK4/6 .	
Furthermore , ectopic expression of p34(SEI-1) , a mitogen-induced CDK4 binding protein , increased the levels of active cyclinD1-CDK4 complex in asynchronously proliferating p21/p27-null MEFs .	9	51	511	5	91
Together , our results suggest that there are several independent ways to stimulate the assembly of cyclin D1-CDK4 kinases .	9	51	511	5	91
We , however , discovered here that both the assembly and activation of cyclin D1-CDK4 complex occur when quiescent p21/p27-null MEFs were stimulated to re-enter the cell cycle .	
This mitogen-induced cyclin D1-kinase activity was blocked by overexpression of p16(INK4a) and resulted in the inhibition of S phase entry in p21/p27-null MEFs .	9	51	511	5	91
Initial TMZ therapy ( 200 mg/m² for 5 days every 28 days-seven cycles ) resulted in marked clinical , biochemical [ >50% fall in adrenocorticotrophic hormone ( ACTH) ] and radiological [ partial RECIST ( response evaluation criteria in solid tumors ) response ] improvements .	
The tumour exhibited low immunohistochemical MGMT expression in both primary ( pituitary ) and secondary ( hepatic ) lesions .	
However , despite reintroduction of TMZ therapy ( further eight cycles ) ACTH levels plateaued and no further radiological regression was observed .	
The patient then underwent bilateral adrenalectomy .	
Recent evidence suggests that temozolomide ( TMZ ) , an orally-active alkylating agent used principally in the management of glioblastoma , may also be effective in controlling aggressive/invasive pituitary adenomas/carcinomas .	
Pituitary carcinoma occurs in of resected pituitary tumours and carries a poor prognosis ( mean survival <4 years ) , with standard chemotherapy regimens showing limited efficacy .	
Here , we report a case of a silent pituitary corticotroph adenoma , which subsequently re-presented with Cushing's syndrome due to functioning hepatic metastases .	
A low level of expression of the DNA-repair enzyme O6-methylguanine-DNA methyltransferase ( MGMT ) predicts TMZ responsiveness in glioblastomas , and a similar correlation has been observed in the majority of aggressive pituitary adenomas/carcinomas reported to date .	
The defect correlated with reduced Homologous Recombination ( HR ) repair , as demonstrated by the reduction of RAD51 foci formation and by direct evaluation of HR efficiency using a GFP-reporter substrate .	62	6
Using \u03b3H2AX staining as a marker of double strand break formation , we found that EC cell lines were either incapable of or had a reduced ability to repair ICL-induced damage .	612	62	61	6
In addition , protein kinase C is involved in the up-regulation of NOS2 and arginase II enzymes induced by carbachol via NF-κB .	
CONCLUSIONS Enhanced survival of MCF-7 tumor-initiating cells in response to ionizing radiation is primarily dependent on an inherent down-regulation of the senescence pathway .	42	4
Possible strategies for mitigating resistance developing during TMZ treatment of pituitary adenomas/carcinomas are also considered .	
We review the existing literature reporting TMZ efficacy in pituitary corticotroph tumours , and highlight the pointers/lessons for treating aggressive pituitary neoplasia that can be drawn from experience of susceptibility and evolving resistance to TMZ therapy in glioblastoma .	
Herein , we have examined the proficiency of five embryonal carcinoma ( EC ) cell lines to repair cisplatin-induced ICLs .	
Understanding the mechanisms underlying TGCT sensitivity/resistance to cisplatin as well as the identification of novel strategies to target cisplatin-resistant TGCTs have major clinical implications .	
This involves activation of the transcription factor NF-κB mediated by Akt kinase .	921	92	9
Up-regulation of p22(phox) by the growth factors results in increased Nox4-p22(phox) complex formation and activation of NADPH oxidase .	
This mechanism is different from that for receptor-induced activation of phagocytic NADPH oxidase , which is mediated by phosphorylation of its regulatory subunits .	
Up-regulation of p22(phox) represents a novel pro-survival mechanism through which growth factors and Akt inhibit apoptosis in PaCa cells .	921	92	9
We recently showed that Nox4 NADPH oxidase is highly expressed in pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma and that it is activated by growth factors and plays a pro-survival , anti-apoptotic role .	
Here we investigate the mechanisms through which insulin-like growth factor I and serum ( FBS ) activate NADPH oxidase in pancreatic cancer ( PaCa ) cells .	
We show that in PaCa cells , NADPH oxidase is composed of Nox4 and p22(phox) catalytic subunits , which are both required for NADPH oxidase activity .	
Insulin-like growth factor I and FBS activate NADPH oxidase through transcriptional up-regulation of p22(phox) .	9	92
In the present report we have shown that oleuropein , a pharmacologically safe natural product of olive leaf , has potent anti-breast cancer properties .	
Indeed , oleuropein exhibits specific cytotoxicity against breast cancer cells , with higher effect on the basal-like MDA-MB-231 cells than on the luminal MCF-7 cells .	
This effect is mediated through the induction of apoptosis via the mitochondrial pathway .	8	81
Moreover , oleuropein inhibits cell proliferation by delaying the cell cycle at S phase and up-regulated the cyclin-dependent inhibitor p21 .	511	5	51
Breast cancer constitutes a major health problem for women worldwide .	
However , its incidence varies between populations and geographical locations .	
Compared with control cells , cells that produced increased amounts of TGF-beta proliferated in vitro more slowly .	9	92
Several lines of evidence indicate that , in addition to their clear preventive effect , these compounds could also be used as therapeutic agents .	
The growth rate and DNA cell cycles of the parent ACC-M , the control viral vector AmGCEN , and the gene transduced AmIL-2 cell cultures were compared quantitatively and by flow cytometry , respectively .	
Furthermore , oleuropein inhibited the anti-apoptosis and pro-proliferation protein NF-κB and its main oncogenic target cyclin D1 .	91	81	9	8
This inhibition could explain the great effect of oleuropein on cell proliferation and cell death of breast cancer cells .	
Full Text ( Free , PDF ) www.bmj.sk .	
OBJECTIVES The aim of this study is to examine the expression of MCM-2 and conventional proliferation marker Ki-67 in breast carcinoma by stereologic technique and to compare it with various clinicopathologic parameters .	
METHODS The expression of MCM-2 and Ki-67 on paraffin-embedded tumor tissue sections of patients with invasive breast carcinoma was analyzed immunohistochemically .	
Stereologic method was used for evaluation of the percentage of positively stained tumor cells .	
RESULTS Significant positive correlation was found between the expression of MCM-2 and that of Ki-67 ( r = 0.74 , p < 0.001 ) .	91	9
MCM-2 and Ki-67 expression was significantly associated with histologic grade ( p < 0.05 ) , and negative correlation was observed between MCM-2 or Ki-67 expression and estrogen status ( p < 0.05 ) .	91	9
No significant association was observed between MCM-2 or Ki-67 expression and patient age , tumor size , lymph node status , clinical stage and menopausal status .	91	9
CONCLUSION Our results suggest that MCM-2 expression is significantly associated with histologic grade of breast carcinoma and with cell proliferation capacity ( Ki-67 labelling index ) .	91	9
Additional studies are required using the stereologic method to compare and understand the utility of Ki-67 and MCM-2 expression in invasive breast carcinoma ( Tab. 1 , Fig. 4 , Ref. 34 ) .	
In contrast to the findings reported in cultured cells , these studies suggest the DYT1 mutation does not sensitize central neurons against the toxic effects of oxidative stress and energy deficits .	
Surviving animals exhibited abnormal motor behavior during and right after the injection period , but recovered by 4 weeks postinjection independent of genotype .	
In addition , p-Src , implicated in tamoxifen resistance , was downregulated with AGR2 knockdown .	
CONCLUSIONS Transiently silencing AGR2 in ER-positive breast cancer cell lines inhibited cell growth and cell-cycle progression and induced cell death .	
Breast cancer drivers ( ER and cyclin D1 ) as well as cancer-signaling nodes ( pSrc , c-Myc , and survivin ) were demonstrated to be downstream of AGR2 .	91	93	9
Collectively , the data presented support the utility of anti-AGR2 therapy in ER-positive breast cancers because of its impact on cancer-relevant pathways .	
Conversely , cyclin D1 was induced with recombinant AGR2 .	91	9
AGR2 knockdown induced cell death in ZR-75-1 and T47 D cells , and also downregulated survivin and c-Myc .	
Evidence of AGR2-ER crosstalk was demonstrated by a reduction of ER at the protein level after transiently silencing AGR2 .	9	93
AGR2 knockdown in combination with fulvestrant or tamoxifen did not preclude the efficacy of the antiestrogens , but enhanced it .	
Our conclusion is that down-regulation of the cycloheximide sensitive segregation and a partly compensatory up-regulation of an alternative pathway of segregation might occur along with malignant transformation .	
We carried out electron-microscopic morphometrical analysis of the expansion of autophagic vacuole compartment and subcompartments induced by vinblastine ( an in vivo segregation enhancer ) , as well as their regression upon segregation-inhibitor cycloheximide post-treatment .	
In the present study , we followed changes of these autophagic functions throughout the tumour progression .	
We established an experimental system and reported recently that autophagic capacity , measured as the cell's capability of increasing segregation ( formation of autophagosomes ) and subsequent degradation of cytoplasmic quanta were highly increased in premalignant nodule cells 6 months after initiation by azaserine in the rat pancreas in vivo .	
The knowledge of alterations in regulation of autophagy during tumorigenesis may also help our understanding of its normal control .	
Compared with the host tissue , autophagic capacity profoundly decreased in the differentiated and anaplastic adenocarcinomas at month 20 , when , surprisingly , cycloheximide was unable to inhibit segregation .	82	8
The basal ( non-stimulated ) autophagic compartment was measurable only at month 5 and month 15 , and its regression upon cycloheximide was consistent with increased basal autophagic activity .	82	8
In all these stages , a highly increased and varying autophagic capacity was found compared with the host tissue .	82	8
Premalignant tumour samples were taken at month 5 , month 8 ( nodules ) , month 10 and month 15 ( adenomas ) after initiation .	
HGF mRNA levels in MRC-5 cells and HL-60 cells were dose-dependently suppressed by TGF-beta 1 and dexamethasone ; 10 ng/ml TGF-beta 1 suppressed HGF mRNA levels to 32% and 35% of control culture , respectively , in MRC-5 cells and HL-60 cells , and 10(-6) M dexamethasone suppressed to 43% and 38% , respectively .	9	92
Thus , TGF-beta 1 and glucocorticoids seem to inhibit HGF synthesis by suppressing the expression of the HGF gene .	9	92
Hydrocortisone also inhibited HGF synthesis with the same potency as dexamethasone ; however , testosterone , estriol , and beta-estradiol had no effect .	9	92
The rate of HGF synthesis in MRC-5 cells , as measured by pulse labeling with [ 35S]methionine and subsequent immunoprecipitation , was suppressed to 30-40% of the control with 10 ng/ml TGF-beta 1 , and to 30-45% by 10(-6) M dexamethasone .	9	92
When TGF-beta 1 or dexamethasone was added to cultures of MRC-5 human embryonic lung fibroblasts and HL-60 human promyelocytic leukemic cells , the amount of HGF secreted into the culture medium was inhibited to 30-40% of that of control cultures by 10 ng/ml TGF-beta 1 and to 40-50% by 10(-6) M dexamethasone .	9	92
The inhibitory effect of TGF-beta 1 and dexamethasone on HGF synthesis in MRC-5 cells was additive , thereby suggesting that TGF-beta 1 and dexamethasone exert effects through distinct mechanisms .	9	92
Hepatocyte growth factor ( HGF ) , a mesenchymal-derived factor which regulates growth , motility , and morphogenesis of epithelial and endothelial cells , functions as a hepatotrophic and renotrophic factor for regeneration of the liver and kidney .	
We have now obtained evidence that transforming growth factor-beta 1 ( TGF-beta 1 ) and glucocorticoids are negative regulators for HGF gene expression .	
The magnitude of sensitivity correlated with HR-repair reduced proficiency and with the expression levels and activity of PARP1 protein .	
We propose that a negative regulation of HGF gene expression by TGF-beta 1 or glucocorticoids may be involved in physiological or pathological processes during tissue regeneration .	9	92
Inactivation of NF-B prevented malignant transformation induced by 1.0 microM arsenite .	
Changes in cells exposed to 1.0 microM arsenite were more marked than changes in cells exposed to 0.5 or 2.0 microM arsenite .	
More recently , mutations in the valosin-containing protein ( VCP ) gene linked to the human genetic disease , Inclusion Body Myopathy associated with Paget's disease of bone and frontotemporal dementia ( IBMPFD ) , were found also to be associated with ALS in some patients .	
Relatively recent studies implicating another protein , TDP-43 , in familial and sporadic forms of ALS have led to the development of new animal models .	
SOD1 mutations cause rare familial forms of ALS and have provided the most widely studied animal models .	
Pathological features of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis ( ALS ) include , in addition to selective motor neuron ( MN ) degeneration , the occurrence of protein aggregates , mitochondrial dysfunction and astrogliosis .	
Although these animals do not develop rapidly progressive fatal ALS-like disease during their lifespans , they recapitulate key pathological features of both human disease and other animal models of ALS , and may provide a valuable new model for studying events preceding onset of catastrophic disease .	
Aged animals ( months ) show electromyography evidence of denervation consistent with the observed MN loss .	
We have undertaken studies of spinal cord pathology in VCP(R155H/+) mice and find age-dependent degeneration of ventral horn MNs , TDP-43-positive cytosolic inclusions , mitochondrial aggregation and progressive astrogliosis .	
A heterozygous knock-in VCP mouse model of IBMPFD ( VCP(R155H/+) ) exhibited muscle , bone and brain pathology characteristic of the human disease .	
The necrotic cell death phenomenon was independent of culture conditions or telomere shortening .	83	4	8	41
Scorpions ARMS technology is a sensitive method to detect EGFR mutations and is suitable for screening patients who would likely respond to EGFR inhibitors therapy .	63	6
The antitumor activity of 1 may be associated with antiangiogenic actions via inhibiting VEGFR-2 and inflammatory mediators involved in the MAPK signaling pathway .	7	71
Cellular senescence is the genetically programmed cessation of cellular proliferation .	
We have recently mapped a putative senescence gene(s) on the X chromosome of Chinese hamster embryo ( CHE ) cells .	
In the present study , we have utilized microcell-mediated chromosome transfer ( microcell fusion ) to test whether : ( i ) the human X chromosome exhibits similar genetic potential to induce senescence and ( ii ) the deletion or inactivation of the X-linked senescence gene(s) in CHE cells is associated with nickel-induced immortalization .	
A normal CHE or human X chromosome was first introduced into mouse-cell hybrids , then transferred by microcell fusion into a nickel-transformed , immortal male CHE cell line ( Ni-2/TGR ) with an X deletion ( Xq1 ) .	4	41
Microcell fusion of the normal CHE X chromosome into tumorigenic Ni-2/TGR cells yielded senescence of all X recipient clones .	42	4
The normal human X chromosome induced dominant senescence of tumorigenic Ni-2/TGR cells in only 17% of the resulting microcell hybrids ( 14/81 ) .	42	4
Karyotypic analyses of 13 non-senescing human X chromosome-derived microcell hybrid clones revealed that none of these clones retained the complete X. A normal CHE X chromosome induced senescence of 75% of hybrids obtained with another immortal and tumorigenic nickel-transformed male CHE cell line ( Ni-6/TGR ) , which exhibited no visible deletion of the X chromosome , while the normal human X chromosome , only induced senescence in 19% of these hybrids .	42	4
Transfer of the normal CHE or human X chromosome into spontaneously transformed and tumorigenic cell lines , CHO/TGR or V79/TGR , had little or no effect on their growth .	
These data suggest that both human and CHE cells possess similar X-linked genetic activities that regulate the process of cellular senescence , and that in Chinese hamster cells nickel-induced immortalization but not that of CHO or V79 cells is associated with inactivation of an X-linked senescence gene .	42	4	41
The potential of cytologically reconstructed barley line D-2946 to cope with the major lesions that hamper genome integrity , namely DNA single- and double-strand breaks was investigated .	
Strand breaks induced by \u03b3-rays and Li ions were assessed by neutral and alkaline comet assay .	
Repair capacity after bleomycin treatment was evaluated by agarose gel electrophoresis under neutral and alkaline conditions .	
Frequencies of radiation-induced chromosome aberrations were also determined .	
Results indicate that radiation-mediated constitutive rearrangement of the chromosome complement has led to a substantial modulation of the sensitivity of barley genome towards DNA strand breaks , produced by ionising radiation , Li ion implantation and bleomycin in an agent-specific manner , as well as of the clastogenic response to \u03b3-rays .	612	61	6
Based on these findings , reconstructed barley karyotype D-2946 can be considered a candidate radio-sensitive line with reduced ability to maintain genome integrity with respect to both DNA and chromosomal damage .	61	6
The decrease of PKM2 resulted in a decrease in ATP synthesis , which caused intracellular accumulation of docetaxel .	
We observed that the shRNA can significantly downregulate the expression level of PKM2 .	
Complete rescue of drug-induced DNA SSBs could be achieved when cells were exposed to 10 microM dThd starting no later than 4 h after drug treatment .	612	61	6
No significant level of DNA SSBs was detected when cells were exposed simultaneously to ICI D1694 and 20 microM [ 6RS]LV .	612	61	6
Pyruvate kinase isoenzyme M2 ( PKM2 ) is a key enzyme that regulates aerobic glycolysis in tumor cells .	
Tumor aerobic glycolysis , or the Warburg effect , plays important roles in tumor survival , growth , and metastasis .	
After a 2-h drug exposure , the occurrence of DNA single-strand breaks ( SSBs ) was time dependent .	612	61	6
PRL induced release of IL-12 from EMs also , which suggested that the hormone might drive the TH1 response through IL-12 .	
PRL synergized with the TH1 cytokine IFN-gamma , a known activator of macrophages , in inducing tumor killing and release of NO2(-) from EMs and TAMs .	
The hormone might activate macrophages at least partially , through the release of IFN-gamma as anti-IFN-gamma blocked IFN-gamma- as well as PRL-induced cytotoxicity in EMs .	
PRL-induced killing of P815 target cells by EMs and TAMs was independent of TNF but correlated with the hormone-induced augmentation of NO2(-) and O2(-) release in these macrophages .	
Administration of PRL in vivo inhibited EAC growth and augmented NO2(-) release by TAMs .	
Complete protection was achieved when cells were exposed simultaneously to 1 microM ICI D1694 and 5 microMs [ 6RS]LV or to 3 microMs dThd immediately after drug treatment .	
The growth inhibition of ICI D1694 was abrogated by [ 6RS]LV in a concentration-dependent manner .	
The involvement of PRL in regulating monocyte/macrophage functions is suggested by the presence of PRL-Rs in these cells .	
Here , we show that PRL , though it failed to activate mouse peritoneal resident macrophages ( RMs ) , acted as a second signal and activated mouse peritoneal inflammatory macrophages ( EMs ) to a tumoricidal state .	a	a2
Significant difference was also observed for haematological parameters ( i.e. increased red and white blood cells , haematocrit value and haemoglobin concentration ) .	
Level of oxidative DNA damage ( as determined by modified Comet assay ) showed strong significant difference following exposure to dietary Cu level under normoxic ( 1.6-fold ) as well as under hypoxic condition at both Cu levels ( 2.1 and 2.5-folds respectively ) .	
The order of Cu accumulation in tissues ( as determined by ICP-OES ) was liver>intestine>kidney>gill .	
Quantitative histology revealed alterations in tissues ( i.e. liver and gills ) for hypoxic and all dietary Cu treatment groups under both normoxic and hypoxic conditions suggesting a compensatory response to these organs ( p<0.05 ) .	
Only a few studies are however available on the uptake and biological responses of heavy metals under hypoxic conditions .	
Hypoxic events frequently occur in the aquatic environment in association with micro pollutants , including heavy metals .	
( 16.13-16.22 g ) were exposed chronically to dietary copper ( Cu ; 250 and 500 mg kg dry wt.(-1) ) for 30 d under normoxic ( 8.25 mg O(2) L(-1) ) and hypoxic ( mg O(2) L(-1) ) conditions and adopting an integrated approach , sub-lethal biomarker responses were determined at different levels of biological organisation .	
To elucidate the phenomenon , mirror carp Cyprinus carpio L .	
Fidelity of rejoining DNA was significantly higher in the A2780cp cell line .	
DNA strand-break induction was the same for both cell lines , while only at very high doses did A2780cp show greater DNA strand-break recovery than A2780s .	612	61	6
It appears that fidelity of DNA rejoining , which was significantly higher in the resistant cell line , may be related to the difference in radiosensitivity .	
CONCLUSION The difference in radiosensitivity between these two cell lines was not related to recovery of PLD or SLD or to the induction of DNA damage .	61	6
MATERIALS AND METHODS The cell lines used were the ovarian carcinoma A2780s and a radiation-resistant derivative A2780cp .	
PURPOSE The difference in radiosensitivity between two isogenic tumour cell lines was evaluated to determine whether factors such as sublethal and potentially damage repair , DNA double-strand break repair and fidelity of repair can be related to differences in radiosensitivity .	
RESULTS While A2780cp was more resistant to radiation than A2780s , it showed less ability for recovery of SLD and PLD .	
Radiation response was measured in terms of cell survival , recovery of sublethal ( SLD ) and potentially lethal damage ( PLD ) , induction of and recovery of DNA strand breaks , and fidelity of DNA repair using a cell-free plasmid assay .	
As expected , the prereduced C141A mutant supports only turnover , which is in sharp contrast to the >5 turnovers exhibited by the WT SPL reaction , suggesting that the enzyme catalytic cycle ( SAM regeneration ) is disrupted by this single mutation .	
Expression of PML-RAR\u03b1 fusion proteins disrupted PML-NB structure and reduced HRR by up to 10-fold , raising the possibility that defective HRR and resulting genomic instability may figure in the pathogenesis , progression and relapse of acute promyelocytic leukemia .	
Of these , 100 showed concordant mismatch repair loss ( i.e. , loss of MLH1 and PMS2 or loss of MSH2 and MSH6 ) .	62	6
The four discordant cases comprised two single negative cases ( 1 MSH6 negative/MSH2 positive case , 1 PMS2 negative/MLH1 positive ) and two triple negative ( both MLH1/PMS2/MSH6 negative ) .	
Our observations further suggest that PRL alone and in synergy with IFN-gamma , released through induction of IL-12 , may generate tumoricidal macrophages and thus regulate the antitumor immune response of tumor hosts .	a1	a
Formation of TpTSO(2)(-) and TpT exhibits a V(max) deuterium kinetic isotope effect ( KIE ) of 1.7 ± 0.2 , which is smaller than the ( D)V(max ) KIE of 2.8 ± 0.3 determined for the WT SPL reaction .	
The HRR deficit in PML-depleted cells thus reflects inhibition of later steps in the repair pathway .	
Due to the binding properties of the mismatch repair heterodimer complexes , gene mutation and loss of MLH1 and MSH2 invariably result in the degradation of PMS2 and MSH6 , respectively , but the converse is not true .	
We propose that staining for PMS2 and MSH6 alone will be sufficient to detect all cases of mismatch repair deficiency and should replace routine screening with all four antibodies .	
AIMS Currently , testing for mismatch repair deficiency in colorectal cancers is initiated by performing immunohistochemistry with four antibodies ( MLH1 , PMS2 , MSH2 and MSH6 ) .	
If any one of these stains is negative the tumour is considered microsatellite unstable and , if clinical circumstances warrant it , the patient is offered genetic testing for Lynch's syndrome .	
Unusual or discordant cases were reviewed and , in some cases , re-stained to confirm the staining pattern .	
RESULTS Of 344 cases of colorectal cancer which underwent four antibody immunohistochemistry , 104 displayed loss of at least one mismatch repair protein .	62	6
METHODS The electronic database of the department of Anatomical Pathology , Royal North Shore Hospital , Sydney , Australia , was searched for all colorectal carcinomas on which a four panel immunohistochemical microsatellite instability screen was performed .	
An audit of the slides for concordant loss of MLH1-PMS2 and MSH2-MSH6 was then undertaken .	
Quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction ( qRT-PCR ) analysis was used to validate the results of genome array , and the results were consistent with the obtained data .	
HR-defective tumors cells are known to be sensitive to the treatment with poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase ( PARP ) inhibitor .	
Nevertheless , a subset of TGCTs are either innately resistant or acquire resistance to cisplatin during treatment .	
Among the nine compounds , STM-57 [ N-((6-bromo-2-methoxyquinolin-3-yl)(phenyl)methl)-N-(3,4-dichlorophenyl)-3-(4 -methylpiperazin-1-yl)propanamide ] showed potent cytotoxic activity .	
We propose that this interaction is mediated by mixed carbon fermentation .	
However , to date , no information is available regarding the genetics of PGF variability .	
Furthermore , even though the effect of environmental factors ( e.g. : cigarette smoking ) on angiogenesis has been explored , no data on the influence of these factors on PGF levels have been reported so far .	
Placental Growth Factor ( PGF ) is a key molecule in angiogenesis .	
Several studies have revealed an important role of PGF primarily in pathological conditions ( e.g. : ischaemia , tumour formation , cardiovascular diseases and inflammatory processes ) suggesting its use as a potential therapeutic agent .	
However , in both samples , we observed a strong correlation of PGF levels with ageing and sex , men displaying PGF levels significantly higher than women .	71	7	711
Interestingly , smoking was also found to influence the trait in the two populations , although differently .	
Here we have first investigated PGF variability in two cohorts focusing on non-genetic risk factors : a study sample from two isolated villages in the Cilento region , South Italy ( N=871 ) and a replication sample from the general Danish population ( N=1,812 ) .	
A significant difference in PGF mean levels was found between the two cohorts .	71	7	711
We have then focused on genetic risk factors .	
The association between five single nucleotide polymorphisms ( SNPs ) located in the PGF gene and the plasma levels of the protein was investigated .	
In murine established tumor model , however , CCL2 blockade utilizing the specific siRNA or neutralizing mAb significantly inhibits Snail(+) tumor growth and metastasis following systemic induction of anti-tumor immune responses in host .	1	2	12	21
These results suggest that CCL2 is more than a chemoattractant factor that is the significant effector molecule responsible for immune evasion of Snail(+) tumor cells .	
We previously found that cancer metastasis is accelerated by immunosuppression during Snail-induced epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition ( EMT ) .	
However , the molecular mechanism still remained unclear .	
Here , we demonstrate that CCL2 is a critical determinant for both tumor metastasis and immunosuppression induced by Snail(+) tumor cells .	1	2	12	22
CCL2 is significantly upregulated in various human tumor cells accompanied by Snail expression induced by snail transduction or TGFβ treatment .	9	92
The Snail(+) tumor-derived CCL2 amplifies EMT events in other cells including Snail(-) tumor cells and epithelial cells within tumor microenvironment .	
CCL2 secondarily induces Lipocalin 2 ( LCN2 ) in the Snail(+) tumor cells in an autocrine manner .	
CCL2 and LCN2 cooperatively generate immunoregulatory dendritic cells ( DCreg ) having suppressive activity accompanied by lowered expression of costimulatory molecules such as HLA-DR but increased expression of immunosuppressive molecules such as PD-L1 in human PBMCs .	2	22
The CCL2/LCN2-induced DCreg cells subsequently induce immunosuppressive CD4(+)FOXP3(+) Treg cells , and finally impair tumor-specific CTL induction .	2	22
In this study , a B-family pol Vent ( exo(-) ) from the euryarchaeon Thermococcus litoralis was studied with three types of DNA lesions-N(2)-alkylG , O(6)-alkylG , and an abasic ( AP ) site-in comparison with a model Y-family pol Dpo4 from Sulfolobus solfataricus , to better understand the effects of various DNA modifications on binding , bypass efficiency , and fidelity of pols .	
Archaeal and eukaryotic B-family DNA polymerases ( pols ) mainly replicate chromosomal DNA but stall at lesions , which are often bypassed with Y-family pols .	
Vent ( exo(-) ) bypassed an AP site to an extent greater than Dpo4 , corresponding with steady-state kinetic data .	
Vent ( exo(-) ) readily bypassed N(2)-methyl(Me)G and O(6)-MeG , but was strongly blocked at O(6)-benzyl(Bz)G and N(2)-BzG , whereas Dpo4 efficiently bypassed N(2)-MeG and N(2)-BzG and partially bypassed O(6)-MeG and O(6)-BzG .	
Vent ( exo(-) ) preferentially misinserted G opposite N(2)-MeG , T opposite O(6)-MeG , and A opposite an AP site and N(2)-BzG , while Dpo4 favored correct C insertion opposite those lesions .	
Vent ( exo(-) ) showed 180- , and 300-fold decreases in catalytic efficiency ( k(cat)/K(m) ) for nucleotide insertion opposite an AP site , N(2)-MeG , and O(6)-MeG but and 5000-fold decreases opposite O(6)-BzG and N(2)-BzG , respectively , as compared to G , whereas Dpo4 showed little or only decreases opposite N(2)-MeG and N(2)-BzG but decreases opposite O(6)-MeG , O(6)-BzG , and the AP site .	
Our results indicate that Vent ( exo(-) ) is as or more efficient as Dpo4 in synthesis opposite O(6)-MeG and AP lesions , whereas Dpo4 is much or more efficient opposite ( only ) N(2)-alkylGs than Vent ( exo(-) ) , irrespective of DNA-binding affinity .	
Vent ( exo(-) ) and Dpo4 both bound modified DNAs with affinities similar to unmodified DNA .	
Our data also suggest that Vent ( exo(-) ) accepts nonbulky DNA lesions ( e.g. , N(2)- or O(6)-MeG and an AP site ) as manageable substrates despite causing error-prone synthesis , whereas Dpo4 strongly favors minor-groove N(2)-alkylG lesions over major-groove or noninstructive lesions .	
Tumor uptake was 1.2%ID/g with strong correlations between gene expression and tracer uptake , for integrin α(V) R = 0.76 , integrin β(3) R = 0.75 and VEGF-A R = 0.81 ( all P < 0.05 ) .	71	7	711
When transformed cells reached crisis , the length of the telomeric TTAGGG repeats was only approximately 1.5 kbp and many dicentric chromosomes were observed .	
Integration of CXCR4-targeting strategies into first- and/or second-line treatment regimens may represent a promising treatment option for Ewing sarcoma .	
CONCLUSIONS : Together , our results imply a crucial role for the CXCR4-CXCL12 axis in auto- and/or paracrine growth stimulation .	
Evaluation of in vivo hypoxia-inducible factor-1alpha expression and culture of cells under hypoxic conditions revealed no role for hypoxia in CXCR4 expression .	
A similar technology in human cells would greatly expedite functional genomics , both by enhancing our ability to test how individual variants such as single nucleotide polymorphisms ( SNPs ) are related to specific phenotypes , and potentially allowing simultaneous mutation of multiple loci .	
RESULTS The median OS for the whole cohort was 19 months ( 95% CI , 14.3 to 23.6 months ) .	
These findings indicate that UV radiation activates similar immunological pathways to suppress the induction , or the elicitation , of the immune response .	2	22
On the other hand , reciprocal translocations , balanced isochromosomes , and small deletions remained mainly undetected by CGH .	6
Some imbalances of genomic material detected by CGH were , however , not observed by means of M-FISH , possibly due to the limited extension of the corresponding chromosomal segment involved or the small subpopulation of cells affected .	6
All cell lines were characterized by altered chromosome numbers and by a variety of chromosomal structural aberrations as shown by M-FISH .	
Therefore , comparative genomic hybridization ( CGH ) and 24-color-fluorescence-in-situ-hybridization ( M-FISH ) were applied to eight sublines of CCRF-CEM leukemia cells selected in vitro for drug resistance and to their drug-sensitive parental counterparts .	
However , they should also be suited to examine the validity and reliability of molecular cytogenetic techniques in detecting genomic alterations in neoplastic cells .	
Cell lines of human T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemias ( T-ALL ) have gained high interest for study of mechanisms of cytostatic drug resistance .	
The same held true for losses of chromosomes 17 and 18 in the near tetraploid cell lines which could also be confirmed by CGH .	6
Amplifications of 5q13 in the six methotrexate-resistant cell lines , a del(9)(p21pter) in all lines examined , and a gain of chromosome 20 in 9 of the 10 lines examined were readily detected by both techniques .	6
Interestingly , a considerable number of the rearrangements found were imbalanced .	
The great majority of anomalies detected by this technique were confirmed by CGH .	
A total of 110 cases were identified .	
The staining intensity was then correlated with pathologic stage and Fuhrman nuclear grade for each case .	
STM-57 induced caspase-independent cell death in the human nasopharyngeal carcinoma cell line , CNE-2 .	
It is known that increased plasma IL-6 levels induce increased hepatic and intratumoral production of C-reactive protein .	
C-reactive protein is produced in response to cytokines such as interleukin ( IL)-6 .	
Expression of these two markers has not been well studied in clear cell renal cell carcinoma .	
Cyclooxygenase enzyme-2 is induced by various stimuli , including inflammation and various growth factors .	
A search of the surgical pathology and consultation files at our institution was performed for nephrectomy specimens with clear cell renal cell carcinoma from 2007 to 2008 .	
The objective of this study is to correlate the expression of C-reactive protein and cyclooxygenase enzyme-2 in clear cell renal cell carcinoma with pathologic parameters .	
Staining intensity was graded as 0 , 1+ , 2+ , and 3+ .	
Immunohistochemical stains for C-reactive protein and cyclooxygenase enzyme-2 were performed .	
In vitro B cell/Mφ co-culture experiments together with experiments in transgenic mice models for B-cell deficiency or overexpression showed B1 cells to polarize Mφ to a distinct phenotype .	
All of these characteristics combined with a increasing trend .	
Results .	
Our mechanistic findings may provide pivotal insights into the molecular mechanism of the AngII and SDF-1α-initiated signaling pathway that regulates fibrogenesis in cancerous stroma , tumor progression and meta-stasis of tumor cells expressing AT-1 and CXCR4 .	1	12
These findings suggest that SDF-1α , released from activated HSCs and AngII , play important roles in cancer progression , tumor fibrogenesis , and migration in autocrine and paracrine fashion by mediating EMT .	1
The human pancreatic cancer cell line Hs-776T ( HS-W ) produces slow-growing tumors in SCID mice .	
Cells of a variant form ( HS-R ) of Hs-776T produced faster-growing tumors compared to HS-W .	
There is increasing evidence for the implication of tumor-derived angiogenic and anti-angiogenic factors in controlling tumor growth in vivo .	
In this study , we documented the production of inhibitors of angiogenesis by pancreatic cancer cells and examined how changes in the balance between pro- and anti-angiogenic factors regulate tumor growth in vivo .	
Cell proliferation was similar in both tumor types in vivo , whereas HS-W tumors demonstrated increased apoptosis with a high percentage of apoptotic endothelial cells ( EC ) .	9	81	8
Subsequently , VEGF was over-expressed in Hs-776T cells ( HS-VF ) , resulting in rapidly growing tumors and lowering tumor and EC apoptosis .	
Characterization of HS-W and HS-R cells in vitro showed similar proliferation rates and production of the angiogenic factors vascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF ) and basic fibroblast growth factor ( bFGF ) .	71	7	711
Analyzes of anti-angiogenic factors showed comparable levels of angiostatin and thrombospondin 1 and 2 , but endostatin was only detected in conditioned media of HS-W cells and was absent in HS-R .	71	7	711
Inflammation in the tumor microenvironment is associated with peritoneal tumor dissemination and massive ascites , which contribute to high mortality in ovarian cancer .	
Ovarian cancer , one of inflammation-associated cancers , is the fifth leading cause of cancer deaths among women .	
Collectively , our study confirms that tumor growth is dependent on its ability to increase the angiogenic stimulus or to reduce the amounts of endogenous anti-angiogenic factors .	7
Tumor suppressor p53 is frequently deleted or mutated in aggressive and high-grade ovarian cancer , probably aggravating cancer progression and increasing mortality .	
Transient transfection of p53 into p53-null ovarian cancer cells downregulated proinflammatory chemokines induced by tumor necrosis factor-α ( TNF ) , a proinflammatory cytokine abundantly expressed in ovarian cancer .	a	a2
A PCR array of the chemokine network revealed that ovarian cancer cells with low or mutated p53 expression expressed high levels of proinflammatory chemokines such as CXCL1 , 2 , 3 and 8 .	a	63	a2	6
Restoration of p53 increased ubiquitination of IκB , resulting from concurrently reduced proteasome activity followed by stability of IκB .	
Furthermore , p53 restoration or stabilization blocked TNF-induced NF-κB promoter activity and reduced TNF-activated IκB .	
The patients were divided into two groups based on the D4/P Cr : more than 0.65 ( Group H , n = 22 ) and less than or equal to 0.65 ( Group L , n = 14 ) .	
Oxidative stress-energy depletion ( OSED ) therapy was recently reported ( El Sayed et al. , Cancer Gene Ther , 19 , 1-18 , 2012 ) .	
Here , we report that DAO , 3BP and citrate significantly inhibited angiogenesis , decreased the number of vascular branching points and shortened the length of vascular tubules .	7	71
Citrate is a natural organic acid capable of inhibiting glycolysis by targeting phosphofructokinase .	
Steps of angiogenesis are energy consuming , while vascular endothelial cells are highly glycolytic .	
Angiogenesis is critical for cancer growth and metastasis .	
D-amino acid oxidase ( DAO ) is a promising therapeutic protein that induces oxidative stress upon acting on its substrates .	
Glioblastoma multiforme ( GBM ) is a highly vascular tumor and this enhances its aggressiveness .	
Human GBM cells ( U373MG ) were resistant to chemotherapy e.g. cisplatin and cytosine arabinoside , while 3BP was effective in decreasing the viability and disturbing the morphology of U373MG cells .	
OSED delayed the growth of C6/DAO glioma cells. 3BP combined with citrate delayed the growth of C6 glioma cells and decreased significantly the number and size of C6 glioma colonies in soft agar .	
In the current investigation we examined the influence of genetic background on susceptibility to V2O5-induced inflammation and evaluated whether V2O5 functions as a tumor promoter using a 2-stage ( initiation-promotion ) model of pulmonary neoplasia in mice .	
Vanadium pentoxide ( V2O5 ) is a component of PM derived from fuel combustion as well as a source of occupational exposure in humans .	
Particulate matter ( PM ) contains transition metals that may potentiate neoplastic development through the induction of oxidative stress and inflammation , a lung cancer risk factor .	
BACKGROUND Elevated levels of air pollution are associated with increased risk of lung cancer .	
No tumors were observed in the B6 mice in any of the experimental groups .	
We found that treatment of animals with MCA followed by V2O5 promoted lung tumors in both A/J ( 10.3 +/- 0.9 tumors/mouse ) and BALB ( 2.2 +/- 0.36 ) mice significantly above that observed with MCA/PBS or V2O5 alone ( P < 0.05 ) .	
Susceptibility to V2O5-induced pulmonary inflammation was assessed in bronchoalveolar lavage fluid ( BALF ) , and chemokines , transcription factor activity , and MAPK signaling were quantified in lung homogenates .	
RESULTS A/J , BALB/cJ ( BALB ) , and C57BL/6J ( B6 ) mice were treated either with the initiator 3-methylcholanthrene ( MCA ; 10 microg/g ; i.p. ) or corn oil followed by 5 weekly aspirations of V2O5 or PBS and pulmonary tumors were enumerated 20 weeks following MCA treatment .	
In mouse models , enforced retroviral expression of Hoxa9 alone in marrow is not sufficient to cause rapid AML , while co-expression of Meis1 and Hoxa9 induces rapid AML .	
Inhibitors for caspase-3 , 6 , 9 , and 10 were able to block the cleavage of these two autophagic proteins to some extent and correspondingly rescue cells from the cytotoxicity of the combination of TRAIL and arginine deprivation .	82	8
Differential strain responses in inflammation were positively associated with elevated levels of the chemokines KC and MCP-1 , higher NFkappaB and c-Fos binding activity , as well as sustained ERK1/2 activation in lung tissue .	a	a2
Mice sensitive to tumor promotion by V2O5 were also found to be more susceptible to V2O5-induced pulmonary inflammation and hyperpermeability ( A/J>BALB>B6 ) .	a	a2
The 24-h peritoneal protein excretion ( PPE ) was assayed .	
Furthermore , caspase-8 inhibitor was able to fully reverse the enhanced cytotoxicity induced by TRAIL .	
Using specific inhibitors for individual caspases , we found that caspase-8 inhibitor could completely abolish the cleavage .	
Karyotypes of four stages of cells belonged to hyperdiploid or hypotriploid , and bimodal distribution of chromosomes appeared in the 31st and 60th passage cells .	
Flt-1 and Flk-1 were correlated with peritoneal MVD , D4/P Cr , and PPE .	
The expression of hTERT decreased in nucleus but increased in mitochondria(p<0.05) .	
RESULTS Complementation of a truncative mutation in the gene encoding MT-ND1 , showed that a functional enzyme was required to perform the glycolytic shift during the hypoxia response and to induce a Warburg profile in vitro and in vivo , fostering cancer progression .	31	63	3	6
Conclusions Bufalin can inhibit the proliferation of human esophageal squamous carcinoma EC9706 cells in a time- and dose-dependent manner .	
In this framework , the role of mitochondrial complex I is still debated , in particular with respect to the effect of mitochondrial DNA mutations in cancer metabolism .	
Objective To investigate the effect of bufalin on nucleus-mitochondria localization of human telomerase reverse transcriptase(hTERT) by exploring its effect on proliferation and apoptosis in human esophageal squamous carcinoma EC9706 cells .	
CONCLUSIONS The current results indicated that EGFR plays more important roles in cell migration and invasion to the brain than in cell proliferation progression on 231-BR cells , providing new evidence of the potential value of EGFR inhibition in treating BMBC .	11	9	1
All of these changes were in a dynamic progressive process .	
Clones were tested for their ability to grow in soft agar and to generate tumor masses in nude mice .	
Complex I re-assembly and function recovery , also in terms of NADH consumption , were assessed .	
METHODS Complex I-null osteosarcoma cells were complemented with allotopically expressed complex I subunit 1 ( MT-ND1 ) .	
The aim of this work is to provide the proof of concept that functional complex I is necessary to sustain tumor progression .	
Male and female F344/N rats and B6C3F1 mice were exposed to vanadium pentoxide ( 99% pure ) by inhalation for 16 days , 14 weeks , or 2 years .	
Bisphosphonates are also used ; however , the efficacy of bisphosphonates in conjunction with targeted agents is currently unknown .	
Vanadium pentoxide , commercially the most important compound of vanadium , presents a potential occupational hazard during the cleaning of oil-fired boilers and furnaces , the handling of catalysts , and during the refining , processing , or burning of vanadium-rich mineral ores or fossil fuels .	
Vanadium pentoxide was nominated for study by the National Cancer Institute as a representative of the metals class study .	
Clinical findings included rapid respiration and hypoactivity in rats exposed to 16 or 32 mg/m(3) .	
Relative lung weights of 4 mg/m(3) or greater males and 2 mg/m(3) or greater females were significantly greater than those of the chamber controls .	
Three males in the 32 mg/m(3) group died before the end of the study .	
Mean body weights of males and females exposed to 8 mg/m(3) or greater were less than those of the chamber controls .	
METHODS Baseline characteristics and outcomes on 170 patients treated with FOLFIRI or XELOX plus anti-VEGF therapy-naive metastatic colorectal cancer were collected from three Turkey cancer centers .	
Lavage fluid analysis indicated an inflammatory response in the lung that was either directly mediated by vanadium pentoxide or was secondary to lung damage induced by vanadium pentoxide exposure. 16-DAY STUDY IN MICE : Groups of five male and five female mice were exposed to particulate aerosols of vanadium pentoxide at concentrations of 0 , 2 , 4 , 8 , 16 , or 32 mg/m(3) by inhalation , 6 hours per day , 5 days per week for 16 days .	a	a2
All males exposed to 32 mg/m(3) and one 8 mg/m(3) male died or were killed moribund before the end of the study .	
Human colon cancer HCT-116 and HCA-7 cells treated with omeprazole were evaluated for different markers associated with proliferation and apoptotic markers using Western blot technique .	
Bone is the second most common metastatic site in patients with renal cell carcinoma presenting with metastases ( mRCC ) at diagnosis .	
Cellular senescence can be a functional barrier to carcinogenesis .	
We have evaluated colon cancer chemopreventive properties of omeprazole using azoxymethane ( AOM)-induced colonic aberrant crypt foci ( ACF ) in male F344 rats and analyzed cell growth inhibition and apoptosis induction in human colon cancer cells .	
In contrast , retroviral expression of Nup98-HoxA9 is sufficient to cause rapid AML in the absence of enforced Meis1 expression .	
We hypothesized that inflammation modulates carcinogenesis through senescence and DNA damage response ( DDR ) .	
The activities of telomerase were expressed in the latter three passages .	4	41
Flt-1 expression was similar between the two groups , but Flk-1 expression in Group H was significantly higher than that in Group L ( p = 0.001 ) .	71	7	711
As growth factors play a critical role in the development of bone metastases , there is a biological rationale for the use of targeted agents to treat them .	
The presence of predicted transcription factor binding sites in this insertion sequence may explain the differential expression of the fabp7b gene duplicates in Atlantic salmon liver .	
Additionally , cell cycle distribution of lapatinib alone and the combination with 5-Fu were detected by flow cytometry analysis .	
AnnexinV-FITC and propidium iodide stain were used for analyzing the apoptotic cells after cells were treated with either agent alone or in combination .	
The EGFR and HER2 activated signaling pathways were monitored by western blotting .	
The combination of lapatinib and 5-Fu synergistically inhibited cell proliferation and exhibited an enhanced proapoptotic effect on esophageal cancer cells .	9	81	8
Epidermal growth factor receptor ( EGFR ) and human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 ( HER2 ) amplification occurs in over 30% of esophageal carcinomas .	
Combination therapies with EGFR and HER2-targeting agents and cytotoxic agents are considered a potential therapeutic option for esophageal cancer .	
We evaluated the antitumor effects of lapatinib , a dual tyrosine kinase inhibitor which simultaneously inhibits EGFR and HER2 , 5-fluorouracil ( 5-Fu ) alone and in combination on esophageal cancer cells .	
The antiproliferative activity of lapatinib , 5-Fu and lapatinib plus 5-Fu was measured by MTT assay and the combination index ( CI ) values were calculated .	
The potentiation effect of combined treatment was associated with downregulation of EGFR and HER2 signaling pathways because data from western blot analysis showed that lapatinib in combination with 5-Fu markedly reduced the phosphorylation of EGFR and HER2 , and inhibited the activation of downstream signaling molecules , such as AKT and ERK .	921	93	9	92
A significant G1 arrest was also observed in cell cycle analysis after exposing cells to lapatinib , however , combination with 5-Fu did not enhance G1 arrest .	91	9
The results suggest that chalcone A1 has potential as a new lead compound for cancer therapy .	
Apoptosis was confirmed by externalization of phosphatidylserine , which was detected by the Annexin V-FITC method , and by DNA fragmentation .	8	81
Cells treated with A1 at IC(50) demonstrated the morphological characteristic of apoptosis , such as chromatin condensation and formation of apoptotic bodies .	8	81
To evaluate whether this chalcone induced cell death via an apoptotic or necrotic pathway , cell morphology was examined using fluorescence microscopy .	
However , Flk-1 expression showed significant correlations with the above three parameters ( p < 0.001 for all ) .	71	7	711
RESULTS The 16W-DCR was 42% ( 95% confidence interval , 27%-57% ) .	
Circulating endothelial cells ( CECs ) and plasma cytokines and angiogenic factors ( CAFs ) were measured at baseline and throughout treatment .	
Grade 3-4 asthenia , hemorrhage , and aminotransferase elevation occurred in five ( 12% ) , three ( 7% ) , and three ( 7% ) patients , respectively .	
Six of the 43 patients who received bevacizumab achieved a partial response ( objective response rate [ ORR ] , 14% ) .	
We assessed the safety , efficacy , and potential biomarkers of activity of bevacizumab in patients with advanced HCC .	
OBJECTIVE Hepatocellular carcinoma ( HCC ) is a highly vascularized tumor in which neoangiogenesis contributes to growth and metastasis .	
The disease-control rate at 16 weeks ( 16W-DCR ) was the primary endpoint .	
METHODS In this phase II trial , eligible patients received bevacizumab , 5 mg/kg or 10 mg/kg every 2 weeks .	
Specifically , activation of NF-B up-regulated mot-2 expression , which prevented nuclear translocation of p53 and switched the binding preference of the p53 and NF-B coactivator CBP [ cyclic AMP-responsive element binding protein ( CREB ) binding protein ] from p53 to NF-B .	
Moreover , we also identified a mechanism whereby NF-B regulated p53 .	
CONCLUSIONS mot-2-mediated cross talk between NF-B and p53 appears to be involved in arsenite-induced tumorigenesis of HELF cells .	
CONCLUSIONS For the first time , the expressions of Flt-1 and Flk-1 in peritoneal vasculature of uremic patients were detected .	71	7	711
HCB stimulates c-Src/HER1 pathway , but decreases ERα activity in tumors , appearing to shift them towards a higher malignancy phenotype .	
Taken together , our results indicate that HCB induces an estrogenic effect in mammary gland , increasing c-Src/HER1 and ERα signaling pathways .	9	93
CONCLUSIONS Non-covalent association to SA and covalent binding to c(RGDfK) , synergistically enable the accumulation and prolonged retention of Bchl-Ds in the necrotic regions of tumors .	
Pre-injection of c(RGDfK) excess , prevented the uptake of STL-6014 in the small , but not in the large tumors .	
No accumulation of STL-7012 was observed .	
They then migrated into the necrotic tumor domain and presented tumor half lifetimes ( T1/2 ) in the range of days where T1/2 for HSA-STL-6014 > STL-6014 > HSA-STL-7012 .	
These findings provide novel guidelines and strategy for imaging and treatment of necrotic tumors .	83	8
Anticancer properties observed in colon cancer cell lines suggest that omeprazole may induce key signaling molecules of antiproliferation and inhibition of anti-apoptotic proteins .	
Hypoxia in tumors represents a hostile environment that can encourage these transformations .	
Also , therapy-naive tumors demonstrated higher CXCR4 expression as compared to metastases ( p = 0.027 ) .	1	12
CXCR4 expression was not correlated with occurrence of metastatic disease .	1	12
Metabolic reprogramming of cancer cells provides energy and multiple intermediates critical for cell growth .	
METHODS : To gain insight into the role of the CXCR4-CXCL12 axis in Ewing sarcoma , CXCR4 , CXCL12 and hypoxia-inducible factor-1alpha protein expression was studied in therapy-naive and metastatic tumors by immunohistochemistry .	
Lungs and bone ( marrow ) , organs of predilection for ( primary/metastatic ) Ewing sarcoma , represent predominant CXCL12 sources .	
Ewing sarcoma is a sarcoma with poor prognosis despite current therapies , particularly for patients with advanced-stage disease .	
ABSTRACT : BACKGROUND : Chemokine receptor CXCR4 , together with its ligand CXCL12 , plays critical roles in cancer progression , including growth , metastasis and angiogenesis .	
A role for the CXCR4-CXCL12 axis in Ewing sarcoma growth was suggested by our observations that i ) CXCR4 expression correlated positively with tumor volume at diagnosis ( p = 0.013 ) , ii ) CXCL12 was present within the microenvironment of virtually all cases , iii ) CXCL12 induced proliferation of CXCR4-positive Ewing sarcoma cell lines , which could be abrogated by AMD3100 .	
However , p107 expression remains unclear in almost all kinds of human solid tumours .	
RESULTS : Whereas CXCR4 was predominantly expressed by tumor cells , CXCL12 was observed in both tumor and stromal areas .	
CXCR4 function was assessed in vitro , by flow cytometry and proliferation/ cell viability assays , in the presence of recombinant CXCL12 and/or CXCR4-antagonist AMD3100 or under hypoxic conditions .	
p107 Links to cyclin A/CDK2 ( cyclin-dependent kinase 2 ) and cyclin E/CDK2 that are important cell cycle regulators .	
Furthermore , the increased metastatic ability was also accompanied by increased proliferation rate , adhesion to extracellular matrix proteins and endothelial cells , and secretion of a 60 kD matrix metalloproteinase .	11	1	12
As the p107 LI gradually rose , the CDK2 ( in primary cancers only ) , cyclin A , cyclin E and Ki67 LIs were elevated concurrently-in both adenomas and primary cancers .	
Low p107 LIs were also linked to a poor survival , particularly in stage-III patients .	
However , they declined in liver-metastatic foci , and in primary cancers showing large size , mucinous type , venous invasion , lymphatic invasion , poorly differentiated type , deep invasion , lymph-nodal metastasis , hepatic metastasis or advanced stage .	1
We examined the IL-23R expression in human colorectal cancer tissue samples by immunohistochemistry .	
The compartment-specific induction of senescence ( and hence autophagy ) may be a new therapeutic target that could be exploited for the successful treatment of human breast cancer patients .	
Finally , induction of cell cycle arrest with specific inhibitors ( PD0332991 ) or cellular stressors [ hydrogen peroxide ( H(2)O(2) ) or starvation ] indicated that the onset of autophagy and senescence are inextricably linked biological processes .	
For this purpose , we generated a number of hTERT-immortalized senescent fibroblast cell lines overexpressing CDK inhibitors , such as p16(INK4A) , p19(ARF) or p21(WAF1/CIP1) .	
Here , we investigated the compartment-specific role of cell cycle arrest and senescence in breast cancer tumor growth .	
Most importantly , these senescent fibroblasts also dramatically promoted tumor growth ( up to without any comparable increases in tumor angiogenesis .	
Interestingly , all these senescent fibroblast cell lines showed evidence of increased susceptibility toward the induction of autophagy ( either at baseline or after starvation ) , as well as significant mitochondrial dysfunction .	
Senescent MDA-MB-231 cells also showed increased expression of markers of cell cycle arrest and autophagy , including β-galactosidase , as predicted .	
Conversely , we generated human breast cancer cells ( MDA-MB-231 cells ) overexpressing CDK inhibitors , namely p16(INK4A) or p21(WAF1/CIP1) .	
Thus , the effects of CDK inhibitors are compartment-specific and are related to their metabolic effects , which results in the induction of autophagy and mitochondrial dysfunction .	
Senescent MDA-MB-231 cells had retarded tumor growth , with up to a near 2-fold reduction in tumor volume .	
Furthermore , p53BERs produce , ina p53-dependent manner , enhancer RNAs ( eRNAs ) that are required for efficient transcriptional enhancement of interacting target genes and induction of a p53-dependent cell-cycle arrest .	511	5	51
Thus , our results ascribe transcription enhancement activity to p53 with the capacity to regulate multiple genes from a single genomic binding site .	
Moreover , eRNA production from p53BERs is required for efficient p53 transcription enhancement .	
Binding within or nearby target genes involved in cell proliferation and survival enables the p53 tumor suppressor gene to regulate their transcription and cell-cycle progression .	
Using genome-wide chromatin-binding profiles , we describe binding of p53 also to regions located distantly from any known p53 target gene .	
Interestingly , many of these regions possess conserved p53-binding sites and all known hallmarks of enhancer regions .	
We demonstrate that these p53-bound enhancer regions ( p53BERs ) indeed contain enhancer activity and interact intrachromosomally with multiple neighboring genes to convey long-distance p53-dependent transcription regulation .	
In summary , our data provide the first evidence that bigelovin possesses anti-angiogenic and immunomodulatory activities , suggesting bigelovin may exert multi-target functions against cancer in animal models .	a1	a	7	71
However , IDH1 mutation was not correlated with common genetic profiles that affect patient prognosis , including MGMT methylation , 1p 19q co-deletion , PTEN loss and EGFR amplification in LOs , AOs and GBMs .	
Hence , inhibition of LDHA with FX11 is an achievable and tolerable treatment for LDHA-dependent tumors .	
Our studies document a therapeutical approach to the Warburg effect and demonstrate that oxidative stress and metabolic phenotyping of cancers are critical aspects of cancer biology to consider for the therapeutical targeting of cancer energy metabolism .	3
Furthermore , we document that FX11 inhibited the progression of sizable human lymphoma and pancreatic cancer xenografts .	
From our results , IDH1 mutation was an independent positive prognostic factor in LOs and AOs , especially in the absence of p53 overexpression .	
Analyses of tangent angles along molecular contours yielded persistence length corresponding to increase in flexibility compared to wild-type .	
\u03b1-Tropomyosin ( \u03b1Tm ) is central to Ca(2+)-regulation of cardiac muscle contraction .	
When used in combination with the NAD(+) synthesis inhibitor FK866 , FX11 induced lymphoma regression .	
Increased flexibility of the mutant was confirmed by fitting end-to-end length distributions to the worm-like chain model .	
This marked increase in flexibility can significantly impact systolic and possibly diastolic phases of cardiac contraction , ultimately leading to hypertrophy .	
Furthermore , how reduction of LDHA expression by interference or antisense RNA inhibits tumorigenesis is not well understood .	
Here , we report that reduction of LDHA by siRNA or its inhibition by a small-molecule inhibitor ( FX11 [ 3-dihydroxy-6-methyl-7-(phenylmethyl)-4-propylnaphthalene-1-carboxylic acid] ) reduced ATP levels and induced significant oxidative stress and cell death that could be partially reversed by the antioxidant N-acetylcysteine .	
As the result of genetic alterations and tumor hypoxia , many cancer cells avidly take up glucose and generate lactate through lactate dehydrogenase A ( LDHA ) , which is encoded by a target gene of c-Myc and hypoxia-inducible factor ( HIF-1 ) .	
Previous studies with reduction of LDHA expression indicate that LDHA is involved in tumor initiation , but its role in tumor maintenance and progression has not been established .	
The aim of the present study was to evaluate immunomodulator ginsan , a polysaccharide extracted from Panax ginseng , on carbon tetrachloride ( CCl(4))-induced liver injury .	
The effect of a combined administration with cytostatic agents was now investigated .	
Recently , our group reported the discovery of three new withanolides , physangulidines A-C , from Physalis angulata .	
In this study , the biological effects of physangulidine A ( 1 ) , which was the most active and abundant of the three new constituents , are described .	
It was found that 1 significantly reduces survival in clonogenic assays for two hormone-independent prostate cancer cell lines .	
Flow cytometry and confocal microscopy studies in DU145 human prostate cancer cells indicated that 1 induces cell cycle arrest in the G(2)/M phase and causes defective mitosis .	9	51	511	5	91
It was determined also that 1 produces programed cell death by apoptosis , as evidenced by biochemical markers and distinct changes in cell morphology .	8	81
These results imply that the antimitotic and proapoptotic effects of 1 may contribute significantly to the biological activities and potential medicinal properties of its plant of origin .	
A novel sequence variant was found in the CRYBB2 gene ( p.Ser143Phe ) .	
This variant affects a conserved aminoacid in the third Greek key motif of the protein , cosegregates with the disease phenotype in all affected individuals and is not present both in the unaffected family members and 100 healthy control subjects .	
A linkage analysis carried out using HumanCytoSNP-12 DNA Analysis BeadChip led us to identify ten genomic regions virtually involved in the disease .	
All the genes located in these regions were scored for possible relationship with ADCC and , according to a strict clinical and genetic selection , 4 genes have been analyzed .	
Until now , more than 30 loci and 18 genes on different chromosomes have been associated with autosomal dominant congenital cataract ( ADCC ) .	
This was associated with a decrease in cyclin D1 , an increase in p27(Kip1) and a reduction in the hyperphosphorylated form of retinoblastoma protein ( pRB ) .	9	51	511	5	91
Congenital cataract is a leading cause of visual impairment in children and brings approximately 10% of childhood blindness worldwide .	
Molecular analysis revealed loci to be associated with several phenotypes of childhood cataracts .	
In multivariate regression analysis , apart from tumor size , only tumor grade was independently associated with the presence of cysts ( adjusted OR ( 95% CI)=4.234 ( 1.36-13.22) ) .	
Finally , we identified the first CRYBB2 mutation in an Italian family causing a clinical picture of ADCC .	
A dominant negative Stat3 construct strongly enhanced the cellular sensitivity of this cell line to 5-FU but not to ATRA .	
In addition there is evidence that activation of Stat3 is associated with cellular resistance to radiation in HNSCC .	
The aim of this work was to design a peptide inhibitor on the basis of structural information of the active site of p38α .	
METHODS : A tetrapeptide , VWCS as p38α inhibitor was designed on the basis of structural information of the ATP binding site by molecular modeling .	
BACKGROUND : The p38α MAP kinase pathway is involved in inflammation , cell differentiation , growth , apoptosis and production of pro-inflammatory cytokines TNF-α and IL-1β .	
The overproduction of these cytokines plays an important role in cancer .	
The biochemical assay demonstrated the K(D) and IC(50) of the selective peptide as 7.22�10(-9)M and 20.08nM , respectively .	
The VWCS as inhibitor significantly reduced viability of oral cancer KB cell line with an IC(50) value of 10μM and induced apoptosis by activating Caspase 3 and 7 .	8	81
The inhibition study of peptide with p38α was performed by ELISA , binding study by Surface Plasmon Resonance and anti-proliferative assays by MTT and flow cytometry .	
RESULTS : The percentage inhibition of designed VWCS against pure p38α protein and serum of HNSCC patients was 70.30 and 71.5% , respectively .	
Of 205 patients , 35 ( 17% ) exhibited muscular invasion alone ( 12 patients ) and/or metastasis ( 23 patients ) .	1
We analyzed the clinico-pathological features of the initial tumors in 205 patients with superficial bladder cancer , admitted to Kyoto University Hospital between 1974 and 1988 , to investigate the prognostic factors for progression to the muscle invasive disease or metastasis .	
Expression of A , B , H-blood group isoantigens in the bladder tumor were significantly decreased from the onset in the patients with initially T1 tumor but not in those with Ta tumor .	
Tumor multiplicity , higher grade and positive urinary cytology were the significant risk factors for later malignant progression .	
Thus , loss of A , B , H-blood group antigen expression seems to be correlated with the malignant potential of superficial bladder cancer .	
Significant loss of expression was also found at the time of progression in the initially Ta cases .	
However , more feasible and reliable diagnostic markers such as molecular genetical and biochemical markers remain to be developed to predict the malignant potential of the superficial bladder cancer .	
These cells showed a rapid drop of ATP content and neither caspase activation nor nuclear fragmentation could be detected .	
The results show a good linear relation between DNA damage and radiation dose , for both single-strand and double-strand breaks .	612	61	6
Two versions of the comet assay , a sensitive method for evaluating DNA damage , were implemented : the alkaline one to detect single-strand breaks , and the neutral one to identify double-strand breaks .	
Heterogeneity in DNA damage within the cell population was observed as a function of radiation dose .	61	6
A statistically significant difference with respect to controls was found at the lowest dose of 1 Gy .	
The interest in ionizing radiation is due to its environmental and clinical implications .	
Ionizing radiation is a potent inducer of DNA damage because it causes single- and double-strand breaks , alkali-labile sites , base damage , and crosslinks .	
In the present study the effects of 137CS gamma-radiation at doses of 1 , 5 , and 10 Gray on DNA and subsequent repair by C3H10T1/2 cells ( mouse embryo fibroblasts ) were investigated .	
Single-strand breaks , which are the initial damage induced by a genotoxic agent , can be used as a biomarker of exposure , whereas the more biologically relevant double-strand breaks can be analyzed to quantify the extent of damage .	
Hormone-independent tumor growth and metastasis are associated with increased mortality in human prostate cancer .	
In this study , we evaluate a potential role for ligand-mediated activation of HER2 receptor tyrosine kinase in androgen-independent prostate cancers .	
HER2 , HER3 , and epidermal growth factor receptor were detected in the androgen-independent cell line 22Rv1 .	9	93
Heregulin stimulation results in receptor phosphorylation and cell proliferation that is inhibited by increasing concentrations of anti-HER2 recombinant humanized monoclonal antibody ( rhuMAb ) 2C4 .	9	93
Furthermore , inhibition of tumor growth was observed in xenografts derived from 22Rv1 cells when treated with rhuMAb 2C4 in a dose-dependent manner .	
These studies provide a framework , both in vitro and in vivo , to examine the molecular mechanisms of ligand-driven HER2 activation in androgen-independent tumorigenesis .	
Furthermore , ectopic expression Chk2 activates cellular Plk3 .	6
In addition , Chk2 immunoprecipitated from cell lysates of Daudi ( which expressed little Plk3 ) is capable of stimulating the kinase activity of purified recombinant Plk3 in vitro , and this stimulation is more pronounced when Plk3 is supplemented with Chk2 immunoprecipitated from Daudi after DNA damage .	61	6
Together , our studies suggest Chk2 may mediate direct activation of Plk3 in response to genotoxic stresses .	6
Plk3 physically interacts with p53 and phosphorylates this tumor suppressor protein on serine-20 , suggesting that the role of Plk3 in cell cycle progression is mediated , at least in part , through direct regulation of p53 .	
Polo-like kinase 3 ( Plk3 , alternatively termed Prk ) is involved in the regulation of DNA damage checkpoint as well as in M-phase function .	
Plk3 physically interacts with Chk2 and the interaction is enhanced upon DNA damage .	61	6
Here we show that Plk3 is rapidly activated by reactive oxygen species in normal diploid fibroblast cells ( WI-38 ) , correlating with a subsequent increase in p53 protein level .	a21	a2	a
MATERIALS AND METHODS In four PCa cell lines ( LNCaP , 22RV1 , PC3 , DU145 ) and two reference cell lines 5HTR1a and -1b , relative mRNA expression levels were assessed .	
OBJECTIVES To investigate the effects of serotonin and melatonin ( MLT ) on the regulation of malignant growth and the activity of serotonin receptors ( 5HTR1a/-1b ) in prostate cancer ( PCa ) cell lines .	
RESULTS mRNA expression of 5HTR1b was higher than that of 5HTR1a in all PCa cell lines .	
Different serotonin and MLT receptor agonists and antagonists were used in stimulation and inhibition experiments .	
The 5HTR1a and -1b agonists/antagonists did not significantly affect viability .	
Serotonin showed a significant growth stimulatory effect in all PCa lines .	
Similarly , the 5HTR1a antagonist induced apoptotic changes in PC3 cells only at 10(-4)M , while the 5HTR1b antagonist induced necrosis at 10(-4)M in all cell lines .	83	81	8
MLT inhibited viability only in PC3 cells .	
Lats1 knockout mice were generated by disrupting the N-terminal region containing LCD1 ( Lats1(\u0394N/\u0394N) ) .	
They also showed anchorage-independent growth and continued cell cycles and cell growth , bypassing cell-cell contact inhibition similar to tumor cells .	91	9	5	52
However , mouse embryonic fibroblasts ( MEFs ) from Lats1(\u0394N/\u0394N) mice displayed mitotic defects , centrosomal overduplication , chromosomal misalignment , multipolar spindle formation , chromosomal bridging and cytokinesis failure .	
Yap , a key transcriptional coactivator of the Hippo pathway , was overexpressed and stably retained in Lats1(\u0394N/\u0394N) MEFs in a cell density independent manner , and Lats2 mRNA expression was downregulated .	
Med19 is a critical factor involved in the invasiveness and promotion of bone metastasis of BCa , possibly via BMP-2 .	1
Expressions of Med19 and BMP-2 were significantly higher in cases with bone metastasis and were positively correlated in cases with bone metastasis and muscle invasion .	1
Lats1(\u0394N/\u0394N) MEFs produced tumors in nude mice after subcutaneous injection , although the tumor growth rate was much slower than that of ordinary cancer cells .	
Roscovitine is a cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor that acts to transiently inhibit cell cycle progression and allow for DNA repair in damaged tissues .	
However , no significant correlation was found between p53 expression and various clinicopathological parameters .	
VEGF positive tumors showed a higher MVD than VEGF negative tumors ( p = 0.028 ) .	71	7	711
BACKGROUND Angiogenesis is of crucial importance for tumor growth and development of metastases .	
Vascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF ) has a potent angiogenic activity and mutations of the p53 gene has been thought to upregulate VEGF .	
The purpose of our study was to evaluate the prognostic significance of these tumor biomarkers for angiogenesis relative to the information derived from established clinicopathological parameters in gastric cancer .	
METHODS In this study , we conducted an immunohistochemical investigation of VEGF and p53 expression in 145 tissue samples obtained from gastric cancer patients undergoing curative surgical treatment .	
To evaluate angiogenesis , microvessel density ( MVD ) was counted by staining endothelial cells immunohistochemically using anti-CD34 monoclonal antibody .	
RESULTS High MVD was significantly associated with depth of tumor invasion and distant metastasis ( p = 0.004 , 0.021 , respectively ) .	1
Moreover , overall survival for patients with high MVD were significantly lower than that of low MVD ( p = 0.048 ) .	
Positive expression of VEGF correlated significantly with lymph node and distant metastasis ( p = 0.040 , 0.048 , respectively ) .	12	7	711	1	71
Because activation-induced apoptosis is the key mechanism regulating several in vivo immunological functions including induction of tolerance , the observed effects of Onc may explain the apparent lack of immune reactions to this protein in treated patients .	2	81	21	8
The cell cycle progression of lymphocytes that responded to PHA mitogenically was not affected at 8.3 or 83 nM Onc concentration .	
It also shows anti-tumor activity in mouse tumor models and is currently in phase III clinical trials .	
Onconase ( Onc ) is an amphibian ribonuclease of the pancreatic RNase family that is cytostatic and cytotoxic to several tumor lines .	
Intriguingly , repeated infusions of this protein do not cause apparent immunological reactions in patients .	
In animal tests and clinical trials Onc shows lesser toxicity and fewer side effects compared to most chemotherapeutic drugs .	
Unexpectedly , we observed that frequency of cells undergoing activation-induced apoptosis was markedly increased in all cultures containing Onc .	8	81
The aim of the present study was to investigate sensitivity to Onc of human lymphocytes during their mitogenic stimulation in response to the polyvalent mitogen phytohemagglutinin ( PHA ) , and in mixed allogeneic lymphocyte cultures .	
The enhancement of frequency of activation-induced apoptosis ( up to 244% ) was observed at 4.2-83 nM Onc concentration , which is at least an order magnitude lower than its minimal concentration reported to affect proliferation or induce apoptosis of leukemic and solid tumor cell lines .	8	81
Apoptosis was measured by flow cytometry using markers that detect activation of caspases , the in situ presence of DNA strand breaks , and loss of fragmented DNA ( 'sub-G1 ' cell subpopulation ) .	
GBM usually recurs within 12 months post-resection , with poor prognosis .	
Glioblastoma multiforme ( GBM ) is the most common primary brain tumour in adults , with a median survival of months post-diagnosis .	
The marked difference of tumour cells with respect to normal brain cells renders glioblastoma a good candidate for selective targeted therapies .	
Thus , novel therapeutic strategies to target and kill GBM cells are urgently needed .	
Targeted toxins represent a new class of selective molecules composed by a potent protein toxin and a carrier ligand .	
Recent experimental strategies focus on over expressed cell surface receptors .	
In this work , we studied the effects of the plant ribosome-inactivating saporin and of its chimera transferrin-saporin against two different GBM cell lines .	
Targeted toxins approaches against glioblastoma were under investigation in phase I and II clinical trials with several immunotoxins ( IT)/ligand toxins such as IL4-Pseudomonas aeruginosa exotoxin A ( IL4-PE , NBI-3001 ) , tumour growth factor fused to PE38 , a shorter PE variant , ( TGF)alpha-TP-38 , IL13-PE38 , and a transferrin-C diphtheriae toxin mutant ( Tf-CRM107 ) .	
A model is proposed for these alternative intracellular pathways .	
The data obtained here indicate that cell proliferation is affected by the toxin treatments but that different mechanisms are used , directly linked to the presence of an active or inactive p53 .	
This study demonstrates that mifepristone and LY294002 , when used individually , cause cell growth arrest , yet when combined , they cause lethality .	
EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN We have obtained quantitative measurements of radiation-induced apoptosis and radiation-induced ATM autophosphorylation in purified CLL cells from 158 and 140 patients , respectively , and have used multivariate analysis to identify independent contributions of various biological variables on genomic complexity in CLL .	
Optimum reaction time was found to be 20 min for both cyclin-dependent kinase 2/cyclin complexes .	9	51	511	5	91
Optimum substrate ( histone H1 ) concentration was found to be 2.5 mg/ml for both cyclin-dependent kinase 2 analogs .	9	51	511	5	91
We demonstrate that cotton genes have experienced an increased rate of molecular evolution following duplication by polyploidy , and that polyploidy has enabled considerable levels of nonreciprocal exchange between homoeologous genes .	
Patients with higher TYMPcyt expression had a more favorable overall survival ( p=0.041 ) in univariate analysis compared to patients without TYMP expression .	
CONCLUSION These findings suggest that TYMP plays an important role in angiogenesis , extracellular matrix remodeling and in the prognosis of patients with CRC , but further studies are needed to clearly define its role in CRC .	7	71
RESULTS Here , we identify a strong independent effect of radiation resistance on elevated genomic complexity in CLL and describe radiation resistance as a predictor for shortened CLL survival .	
Our findings have important implications for our understanding of the consequences of polyploidy and duplicate gene evolution .	
PURPOSE Genomic complexity is present in approximately 15% to 30% of all chronic lymphocytic leukemia ( CLL ) and has emerged as a strong independent predictor of rapid disease progression and short remission duration in CLL .	
BACKGROUND/AIMS We investigated whether the anticancer drug Ukrain ( UK ) is able to modulate the expression of some of the key markers of tumor progression in pancreatic cell carcinoma , in order to assess its potential therapeutic effect .	
METHODS Three cell lines ( HPAF-II , PL45 , HPAC ) were treated with UK ( 5 , 10 and 20 μM ) for 48 h , or left untreated .	
Secreted protein acidic and rich in cysteine ( SPARC ) mRNA levels were assessed by real-time PCR .	
Matrix metalloproteinases ( MMP)-2 and -9 activity was analyzed by SDS zymography ; SPARC protein levels in cell lysates and supernatants were determined by Western blot .	
Cell cycle was determined by flow cytometric analysis , and invasion by matrigel invasion assay .	
RESULTS UK down-regulated MMP-2 and MMP-9 , suggesting that UK may decrease pancreatic cancer cell invasion , as confirmed by the matrigel invasion assay .	11	1
SPARC protein down-regulation in supernatants points to an inhibition by UK of extracellular matrix remodeling in the tumor microenvironment .	
At the same time , SPARC mRNA and cellular protein level up-regulation suggests that UK can affect cell proliferation by cell cycle inhibition , showing a cell cycle G2/M arrest in UK-treated cells .	511	5	51
CONCLUSION Our results suggest that UK modulates two major aspects involved in tumorigenesis of pancreatic cancer cells , such as extracellular matrix remodeling and cell proliferation .	
We anticipate that black pepper and cardamom constituents can be used as potential therapeutic tools to regulate inflammatory responses and prevent/attenuate carcinogenesis .	a	a2
Our findings strongly suggest that black pepper and cardamom exert immunomodulatory roles and antitumor activities , and hence they manifest themselves as natural agents that can promote the maintenance of a healthy immune system .	a1	a
We conducted this study to advance our understanding of the causes of genomic complexity in CLL .	
Morphological and immunophenotypical analysis disclosed in each tumor , a basaloid and a luminal cell population with divergent immunophenotypical patterns .	
The interaction between PIM2 and PKM2 was confirmed by multiple biochemical approaches in vitro and in cultured cells .	
Here , we identified the protein-serine/threonine kinase PIM2 , a known oncogene , as a novel binding partner of PKM2 .	
However , the mechanisms of regulating PKM2 are not fully elucidated .	
Pyruvate kinase M2 ( PKM2 ) is a key player in the Warburg effect of cancer cells .	
The proliferation rate was lower than other serous adenocarcinoma cell lines tested ( KF , SHIN-3 , and SK-OV-3 ) , and the doubling time was 53.3 h .	
Compared with wild type , PKM2 with the phosphorylation-defective mutation displayed a reduced effect on glycolysis , co-activating HIF-1\u03b1 and \u03b2-catenin , and cell proliferation , while enhancing mitochondrial respiration of cancer cells .	31	63	3	6
Importantly , we found that PIM2 could directly phosphorylate PKM2 on the Thr-454 residue , resulting in an increase of PKM2 protein levels .	
Although the immunomodulatory effects of many herbs have been extensively studied , research related to possible immunomodulatory effects of various spices is relatively scarce .	
Enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay experiments reveal that black pepper and cardamom significantly enhance and suppress , respectively , T helper ( Th)1 cytokine release by splenocytes .	
Our data show that black pepper and cardamom aqueous extracts significantly enhance splenocyte proliferation in a dose-dependent , synergistic fashion .	
The level of protein was examined by Western blotting .	
CONCLUSIONS Our quantitative analysis links multiple molecular defects , including for the first time del11q and large 13q14 deletions ( type II ) , to elevated genomic complexity in CLL , thereby suggesting mechanisms for the observed clinical aggressiveness of CLL in patients with unstable genomes .	
The social and economic coverage of patients with glioma remains an unsolved socio-ethical problem .	
The profiles of genes that were most differentially expressed on days 2 , 4 and 7 following treatment were able to predict prognosis , whereas those most changed on days 1 and 14 were not , in four tamoxifen treated datasets representing a total of 404 patients .	
CONCLUSIONS Both early/transient/proliferation response genes and continuous/late/estrogen-response genes are able to predict prognosis of primary breast tumours in a dynamic manner .	9	92
Levels of the autophagosome indicator protein LC3B-II and mRFP-GFP-LC3 were reduced in cells that over-expressing Akt1 .	
Cells over-expressing Akt1 were more resistant than control cells to ultraviolet light-induced autophagy and exhibited the associated reduction in cell viability .	82	8
METHODS In this study we assessed gene expression changes at multiple time points ( days 1 , 2 , 4 , 7 , 14 ) after tamoxifen treatment in the ER-positive ZR-75-1 xenograft model that displays significant changes in apoptosis , proliferation and angiogenesis within 2 days of therapy .	
RESULTS Hierarchical clustering identified six time-related gene expression patterns , which separated into three groups : two with early/transient responses , two with continuous/late responses and two with variable response patterns .	
INTRODUCTION Tamoxifen is the most widely prescribed anti-estrogen treatment for patients with estrogen receptor ( ER)-positive breast cancer .	
However , there is still a need for biomarkers that reliably predict endocrine sensitivity in breast cancers and these may well be expressed in a dynamic manner .	
TFF1 , TFF3 , IGFBP5 ) .	9	51	511	5	91	92
Genes and the proteins they encode were confirmed to have similar temporal patterns of expression in vitro and in vivo and correlated with reduction in tumour volume in primary breast cancer .	
The early/transient response represented reductions in many genes that are involved in cell cycle and proliferation ( e.g .	9	51	511	5	91	92
BUB1B , CCNA2 , CDKN3 , MKI67 , UBE2C ) , whereas the continuous/late changed genes represented the more classical estrogen response genes ( e.g .	9	51	511	5	91	92
Inhibition of the T1 gene by T(3) required both de novo mRNA and protein synthesis .	
RESULTS Flt-1 and Flk-1 were detected in the peritoneal vasculature of uremic patients .	71	7	711
Autophagy , a degradation pathway for long-lived protein and organelles , regulates the survival and death of many cell types .	
In human epithelial cancers , the microRNA ( miRNA ) mir-30d is amplified with high frequency and serves as a critical oncomir by regulating metastasis , apoptosis , proliferation , and differentiation .	
Using a combined bioinformatics approach , gene set enrichment analysis and miRNA target prediction , we found that mir-30d might regulate multiple genes in the autophagy pathway including BECN1 , BNIP3L , ATG12 , ATG5 , ATG2 .	82	8
Increasing evidence suggests that autophagy plays an important function in epithelial tumor initiation and progression .	
Finally , we showed that mir-30d regulated the autophagy process by inhibiting autophagosome formation and LC3B-I conversion to LC3B-II .	82	8
Our further functional experiments demonstrated that the expression of these core proteins in the autophagy pathway was directly suppressed by mir-30d in cancer cells .	82	8
This result will contribute to understanding the molecular mechanism of mir-30d in tumorigenesis and developing novel cancer therapy strategy .	
Taken together , our results provide evidence that the oncomir mir-30d impairs the autophagy process by targeting multiple genes in the autophagy pathway .	82	8
Thymocytes were separated into four fractions by isopycnic Percoll gradients .	
In order to investigate this , we have studied the changes occurring in thymocytes isolated from rats , from 2-24 hr after a dose of dexamethasone ( 1 mg/kg ) , which caused 50% thymic atrophy .	
However , it is not known whether or not the same changes occur after in vivo glucocorticoid treatment .	
The induction of apoptosis by glucocorticoids in isolated thymocytes has been studied extensively .	
Initially ( up to 4 hr ) , the pattern of changes occurring in vivo resembled those found in vitro .	
Striking differences occurred in the cellular composition of the different Percoll fractions with time .	
This loss of normal thymocytes coincided with the appearance of small dense cells with characteristic features of apoptosis including condensed chromatin , increased DNA fragmentation , internucleosomal DNA cleavage and a " hypodiploid " peak on flow cytometric analysis .	8	81
A loss of cells occurred within 2-8 hr , primarily in only one of the two major fractions of normal thymocytes .	
However , at later times , the complex fate of apoptotic cells in vivo , such as phagocytosis , are not observed in the in vitro studies .	8	81
There is no vaccine available against visceral leishmaniasis ( VL ) ( also known as kala-azar in India ) , and current antileishmanial drugs face major drawbacks , including drug resistance , variable efficacy , toxicity and parenteral administration .	
Leishmaniasis is one of the major tropical parasitic diseases , and the condition ranges in severity from self-healing cutaneous lesions to fatal visceral manifestations .	
Changes in the morphology of promastigotes and growth reversibility analysis following treatment confirmed the leishmanicidal effect of the active fractions , which presented no cytotoxic effect on mammalian cells .	
We report here that n-hexane fractions of Artemisia annua leaves ( AAL ) and seeds ( AAS ) possess significant antileishmanial activity against Leishmania donovani promastigotes , with GI(50) of 14.4 and 14.6 µg ml(-1) , respectively , and the IC(50) against intracellular amastigotes was found to be 6.6 and 5.05 µg ml(-1) , respectively .	
High-performance thin-layer chromatography ( HPTLC ) fingerprinting showed that the content of artemisinin in crude bioactive extracts ( µg per 100 µg n-hexane fraction ) was too low to account for the observed antileishmanial activity .	
The antileishmanial activity was mediated via apoptosis , as evidenced by externalization of phosphatidylserine , in situ labelling of DNA fragments by terminal deoxynucleotidyltransferase-mediated dUTP nick end labelling ( TUNEL ) and cell-cycle arrest at the sub-G(0)/G(1) phase .	
Our findings indicate the presence of antileishmanial compounds besides artemisinin in the n-hexane fractions of A. annua leaves and seeds .	
Characterization of the active constituents by GC-MS showed that \u03b1-amyrinyl acetate , \u03b2-amyrine and derivatives of artemisinin were the major constituents in AAL and cetin , EINECS 211-126-2 and artemisinin derivatives in AAS .	
In contrast , the number of activated apoptotic cytotoxic T cells was significantly elevated only in EAC .	
Confirming different pathways in BE and EAC , the number of T lymphocytes with p53 expression and downregulation of bcl2 expression ( CD3+p53+Bcl2-NfkB- ) was significantly increased in EAC compared to BE and controls .	
Interestingly , the number of precursor T cells ( CD7+ ) was significantly elevated only in EAC .	2	21
These cells lack Bax and caspase-8 , suggesting impaired apoptosis in the early stages of T cell differentiation .	8	81
BACKGROUND Barrett's esophagus ( BE ) is caused by gastroesophageal reflux with consecutive mucosal inflammation , predisposing patients to the development of esophageal adenocarcinoma ( EAC ) .	
We investigated changes in T cell-related mucosal combinatorial molecular protein patterns in both diseases using the novel Multi-Epitope-Ligand-Cartography , a unique robotic whole-cell imaging technology that simultaneously visualizes dozens of proteins in structurally intact tissues and correlates cellular localization of proteins with function .	
The Punica granatum L. var. spinosa is likely to be valuable for the treatment of some forms of human prostate cell line .	
When the significance level was set to p < 0.0005 and the search depth to five antibody combinations , controls and BE can be differentiated by 63 , controls and EAC by 3222 , and BE from EAC by 1521 distinct protein combinations.For example , the number of activated apoptotic naïve and memory T cells was significantly increased only in BE , whereas the number of activated apoptotic helper and regulatory T cells was significantly elevated in BE and EAC .	8	2	81	21
The latter contained large RIFs that included ATM-p , indicating the accumulation of complex DNA damage .	
We discuss the possible function of this conformation in comparison to transcriptionally active regions at insect polytene chromosomes .	
Non-cohesive sister chromatid regions at chromosome arms and at the ( peri)centromere are accompanied by a less dense chromatin conformation in highly endopolyploid nuclei .	
A mainly random distribution and similar shapes of CTs even at higher ploidy levels indicate that in general no substantial CT reorganisation occurs during endopolyploidisation .	
Analyses such as this , combining evolutionary theory and predictions - along with medically relevant data , can thus provide us with important clues for modeling human diseases .	
CONCLUSION Identifying positive selection in the Primate , Hominidae , Muridae and Murinae lineages suggests an ancestral functional shift in these genes between the rodent and primate lineages .	
The cell migration rate is elevated when p27 is high expression and located in cytoplasm .	
Though the levels of p27 are increased after HPV E7 expression , most of the p27 protein localized in the cytoplasm and have no function on cell cycle arrest and contact inhibition .	511	51	5	52
The results indicated that E7-p27 interaction not only abolished the p27's cell cycle inhibitory function by sequestering it to the cytoplasm , but also endow the cell with invasive property which is the feature of malignant cells .	511	5	51
Nevertheless , p27 function in the tumorigenesis of the uterine cervix has been poorly defined .	
The tumor suppressor p27(Kip1) is an inhibitor of cyclin/cyclin-dependent kinase ( CDK ) complexes and plays a crucial role in cell cycle regulation .	
So , in the present study , we have examined the effect of E7 on p27 expression .	
Some phenomenon hints that HPV E7 protein can enhance p27 expression , which is contradictory to HPV E7's property of increasing cell proliferation rate .	
METHODS The cell line NOMH-1 was established from an ovarian tumor of a 44-year-old woman .	
The involved area on the section was less than one third in 149 nodes ( 29.6% ) , and was significantly smaller in mediastinal lymph nodes than those in cervical or abdominal ones .	
The mean of long and short diameter was found to be less than 5mm in 125 ( 24.9% ) of these 503 nodes .	
Metastatic involvement was found in a total number of 503 lymph nodes from 73 patients by histologic examination .	1	12
Histopathological features of the lymph node involvement were studied in 104 patients with thoracic esophageal cancer who underwent subtotal esophagectomy combined with extended radical lymph adenectomy in cervicothoracoabdominal region .	
Micrometastasis and ENP with or without ENly , v were found in 24 ( 32.9% ) and 29 ( 39.7% ) of 73 patients with positive lymph node metastasis , respectively .	1	12
Extranodal proliferation ( ENP ) of cancer cells was found in 106 nodes ( 21.1% ) , and extranodal lymphatic and/or blood vessel invasion ( ENly , v ) was also recognized in 60 nodes ( 11.9% ) .	11	1
Micrometastasis also more frequently occurred in mediastinal nodes with a statistically significant difference .	1	12
Sixty-seven ( 13.3% ) of 503 nodes were partially invaded by micrometastasis of 1mm or less in diameter .	1	12
Rats treated with PEG-Ad that had a 90% modification rate showed lower level of anti-Adv IgG and anti-Adv IgM than those treated with unmodified Adv , whereas rats treated with PEG-Ad that had a 30% or 45% modification rate showed a similar level of anti-Adv IgG and IgM to those treated with unmodified Adv. Systemic administration of PEG-Ad that had a 90% modification rate , and expressed tumor necrosis factor-alpha , significantly reduced the number of metastatic colonies in the lung compared to unmodified Adv , with negligible side effects .	1	12	a	a2
This study offers novel insights into our current understanding of EBV biology and enhances the potential for development of effective therapies against EBV associated B-cell lymphomas .	
The mutation causes mislocalization of RASA3 to the cytosol in scat red cells where it is inactive , leading to increased GTP-bound Ras .	
Here , we identify a missense mutation ( G125V ) in the scat Rasa3 gene , encoding a Ras GTPase activating protein ( RasGAP ) , and elucidate the mechanism producing crisis episodes .	
The recessive mutant scat ( severe combined anemia and thrombocytopenia ) alternates between crisis and remission episodes , indicating an aberrant regulatory feedback mechanism common to erythrocyte and platelet formation .	
Phenotype-driven approaches to gene discovery using inbred mice have been instrumental in identifying genetic determinants of inherited blood dyscrasias .	
These results highlight a critical , conserved , and nonredundant role for RASA3 in vertebrate hematopoiesis .	
Notably , the scat phenotype is recapitulated in zebrafish when rasa3 is silenced .	
FBXO11-deleted DLBCL cells generated tumours in immunodeficient mice , and the tumorigenicity was suppressed by FBXO11 reconstitution .	
Reconstitution of FBXO11 expression in FBXO11-deleted DLBCL cells promoted BCL6 ubiquitylation and degradation , inhibited cell proliferation , and induced cell death .	
Notably , tumour-derived FBXO11 mutants displayed an impaired ability to induce BCL6 degradation .	
Similarly , FBXO11 was either deleted or mutated in primary DLBCLs .	
The gene encoding FBXO11 was found to be deleted or mutated in multiple DLBCL cell lines , and this inactivation of FBXO11 correlated with increased levels and stability of BCL6 .	
Here we show that BCL6 is targeted for ubiquitylation and proteasomal degradation by a SKP1–CUL1–F-box protein ( SCF ) ubiquitin ligase complex that contains the orphan F-box protein FBXO11 ( refs 5 , 6 ) .	
In many DLBCL patients , BCL6 overexpression is achieved through translocation ( or hypermutation of its promoter ( However , many other DLBCLs overexpress BCL6 through an unknown mechanism .	
BCL6 is overexpressed in the majority of patients with aggressive diffuse large B-cell lymphoma ( DLBCL ) , the most common lymphoma in adulthood , and transgenic mice constitutively expressing BCL6 in B cells develop DLBCLs similar to the human disease .	
By binding specific DNA sequences , BCL6 controls the transcription of a variety of genes involved in B-cell development , differentiation and activation .	
BCL6 is the product of a proto-oncogene implicated in the pathogenesis of human B-cell lymphomas .	
Analysis of the results verified different oxidative stress statuses occur at distinct cancer stages .	
ED was characterized by reduction in catalase , 8-isoprostanes , and GSH levels , with enhanced lipid peroxidation and TBARS levels .	a21	a2	a
All UA doses decreased tumor cell proliferation , as assessed by Ki67 immunostaining ; nevertheless , UA at 0.10% was most effective in inhibiting tumor take and decreasing tumor final tumor size .	91	9
Modulation of Akt/mTOR signaling and induction of apoptosis appeared to mediate these effects on tumor growth .	81	8	9	921	92
UA potently disrupted cell cycle progression and induced necrosis in a clonal MMTV-Wnt-1 mammary tumor cell line in vitro .	83	8
This study supports the potential of UA as an antitumorigenic agent .	
Over the past two decades , bioactive natural compounds have been shown to be a plausible adjunct to the treatment of breast cancer , the second leading cause of cancer death among American women .	
This study was designed to investigate the effects of ursolic acid ( UA ) , a pentacyclic triterpene found in many foods and herbs , in a model of postmenopausal breast cancer .	
Ovariectomized C57BL/6 mice ( n = 40 ) were randomized to receive control diet ( AIN-93G ) or diet supplemented with UA at 1 of 3 doses ( wt/wt ) : 0.05% , 0.10% , or 0.25% ( ≈54 , 106 , or 266 mg/kg body weight/day , respectively ) .	
The purpose of this study was to characterize systemic oxidative stress and immune response parameters in early ( ED ; TNM I and II ) and advanced disease ( AD ; TNM III and IV ) of patients diagnosed with infiltrative ductal carcinoma breast cancer .	
The combination group showed the highest inhibitory efficiency compared with other three groups .	
CONCLUSION These findings demonstrated that combined administration of Ad-ERβ with raloxifene represents a promising colon cancer therapeutic strategy .	
Differently from other mitochondrial tumor suppressor genes , therefore , a complex I severe mutation such as the one here reported may confer anti-tumorigenic properties , highlighting the prognostic values of such genetic markers in cancer .	
CONCLUSION Respiratory complex I is essential for the induction of Warburg effect and adaptation to hypoxia of cancer cells , allowing them to sustain tumor growth .	31	3
Such trigger was mediated by HIF-1\u03b1 , whose stabilization was regulated after recovery of the balance between \u03b1-ketoglutarate and succinate due to a recuperation of NADH consumption that followed complex I rescue .	
These findings suggest that ROC1 is an appealing drug target for liver cancer and provide a proof-of-concept evidence for a novel drug combination of ROC1 inhibitor and an autophagy inhibitor for effective treatment of liver cancer by enhancing apoptosis.Cell Death and Differentiation advance online publication , 31 August 2012 ; doi:10.1038/cdd.2012.113 .	
Finally , we demonstrated that ROC1 was overexpressed in hepatocellular carcinomas , which is associated with poor prognosis of liver cancer patients .	
Biologically , autophagy response upon ROC1 silencing was a survival signal , and blockage of autophagy pathway sensitized cancer cells to apoptosis .	82	81	8
Consistently , Deptor knockdown significantly blocked autophagy response upon ROC1 silencing .	
Mechanism analysis revealed that ROC1 silencing triggered autophagy by inhibition of mammalian target of rapamycin ( mTOR ) activity due to accumulation of mTOR-inhibitory protein Deptor , a substrate of CRL .	82	8
In this study , we reported that ROC1 knockdown significantly inhibited the growth of liver cancer cells by sequentially and independently inducing autophagy and p21-dependent cell senescence .	82	42	4	8
Moreover , the role of ROC1 in liver cancer remains elusive .	
However , it is completely unknown whether ROC1 knockdown triggers autophagic response by inactivating CRL .	
Application of the QPCR assay to ex vivo melphalan-treated peripheral blood mononuclear cells from multiple myeloma patients , showed that the positive predictive value of this assay for clinical response to melphalan therapy was 92.9% .	
Regulator of Cullins-1 ( ROC1 ) or RING box protein-1 ( RBX1 ) is an essential RING component of Cullin-RING ligase ( CRL ) .	
Moreover , in the lung metastasis model , immunization with recombinant Salmonella resulted in a reduction of the metastatic melanoma burden by approximately 60% .	1	12
Deoxymannojirimycin and , to a lesser extent , swainsonine reduced the level of sialyl Lewis-X epitopes in cells induced to form capillary tubes , but neither compound affected the level of epitopes in cell monolayers .	
We used an enzyme-linked immunoassay to measure sialyl Lewis-X epitopes on capillary endothelial cells and found that both induced and uninduced cells expressed sialyl Lewis-X epitopes .	
Cells induced to form tubes were enriched in monosialylated hybrid-type oligosaccharides sensitive to alpha-fucosidase , beta-galactosidase , and beta-N-acetylhexosaminidase , suggestive of sialyl Lewis-X determinants .	
Since endothelial cells formed tubes normally in the presence of swainsonine , we analyzed glycopeptides from swainsonine-treated induced and uninduced cells .	
Lectin affinity chromatography of 2-[3H] mannose-labeled glycopeptides from endothelial cells induced to form tubes did not reveal a striking difference in the spectrum of oligosaccharides compared to uninduced cells .	
In contrast , swainsonine , an inhibitor that blocks synthesis of complex- but not hybrid-type oligosaccharides , did not inhibit tube formation .	7	71
Deoxymannojirimycin , a compound that prevents synthesis of hybrid and complex-type oligosaccharides , inhibited the formation of capillary tubes .	7	71
To assess the role of glycoproteins bearing asparagine-linked oligosaccharides in this process , we tested the effect of oligosaccharide processing inhibitors on the formation of capillary tubes .	
( 1989 ) J. Cell Biol. 109 , 317-330 ) , thereby mimicking angiogenesis .	
Capillary endothelial cells can be induced to form capillary-like structures in vitro by plating on fibronectin-coated dishes ( Ingber , D. E. , and Folkman , J .	
We found that both immature and mature DCs were relatively resistant to TGF-beta .	9	92
The addition of TGF-beta to naive human CD4+ T cells , which are required by genetically modified DC to elicit antitumor immunity , resulted in their hyporesponsiveness to DC stimulation in a dose-dependent manner .	9	2	92	21
The secretion of immunosuppressive factors like transforming growth factor-beta ( TGF-beta ) by tumor cells has been recognized as one of the mechanisms involved in tumor immunological escape .	
This study aimed to examine whether dendritic cell ( DC ) immunization could reverse TGF-beta-induced immunosuppression by simulating the in vivo interaction among infused DCs , host T cells , and tumor-secreted TGF-beta in an in vitro study .	
The underlying mechanism was linked to TGF-beta-induced apoptosis of activated T cells .	8	92	81	9
However , the presence of stimulation from DC or antibodies to CD3 plus CD28 could partly reverse the immunosuppressive effect of TGF-beta on activated CD4+ T cells .	2	22
When activated by allogeneic DCs in the presence of TGF-beta , CD4+ T cells displayed a reduced capacity to proliferate .	
More importantly , activated CD4+ T cells induced by DC stimulation were very sensitive to TGF-beta , and this susceptibility was enhanced by their previous exposure to TGF-beta .	2	9	92	21
Taken together , our results indicate that the efficacy of DC immunization may be impaired by tumor-derived TGF-beta .	
ABSTRACT : PurposeAutophagy has attracted attentions as a novel mechanism for tumor development .	
Immunocytochemistry confirmed increased alcohol-related accumulation of HH ligand-producing cells and HH-responsive target cells .	
HH-related regenerative responses were also induced in alcohol-exposed rats .	
Three of these processes ( i.e. , deregulated progenitor expansion , the reverse Warburg effect , and epithelial-to-mesenchymal transitions ) are known to promote cancer growth in other tissues .	11	31	1	3
CONCLUSIONS Alcohol-related changes in Hedgehog signaling and resultant deregulation of liver cell replacement might promote hepatocarcinogenesis .	
Median time to pulmonary metastasis was 19 months ( 95 percent CI , 12-35 ) .	1	12
Conversely , induction of mitochondrial dysfunction in cancer-associated fibroblasts has just the opposite effect .	
Our results directly show that all three UCP family members ( UCP-1/2/3 ) induce autophagy and mitochondrial dysfunction in human breast cancer cells , which results in significant reductions in tumor growth .	82	8
Hence , the effects of mitochondrial dysfunction are truly compartment-specific .	
Pulmonary metastases were detected in 26 patients by either CXR or CT scan .	1	12
Metformin exerts its protective effects by functioning as a weak " mitochondrial poison, " as it acts as a complex I inhibitor and prevents oxidative mitochondrial metabolism ( OXPHOS ) .	
Moreover , the dramatic changes in the functional properties of PU02 induced by subtle changes in its binding site bear witness to the delicate structural discrimination between allosteric inhibition and potentiation of Cys-loop receptors .	
To determine the functional role of " mitochondrial health " in breast cancer pathogenesis , here we used mitochondrial uncoupling proteins ( UCPs ) to genetically induce mitochondrial dysfunction in either human breast cancer cells ( MDA-MB-231 ) or cancer-associated fibroblasts ( hTERT-BJ1 cells ) .	
Thus , mitochondrial metabolism must play an essential role in promoting tumor growth .	
The Ser(248) , Leu(288) , Ile(290) , Thr(294) , and Gly(306) residues are identified as important molecular determinants of PU02 activity with minor contributions from Ser(292) and Val(310) , and we propose that the naphthalene group of PU02 docks into the hydrophobic cavity formed by these .	
In an elaborate mutagenesis study of the 5-HT(3)A receptor guided by a homology model , PU02 is demonstrated to act through a transmembrane intersubunit site situated in the upper three helical turns of TM2 and TM3 in the ( +)-subunit and TM1 and TM2 in the ( -)-subunit .	
The PU02 binding site in the 5-HT(3)R corresponds to allosteric sites in anionic Cys-loop receptors , which emphasizes the uniform nature of the molecular events underlying signaling through the receptors .	
Interestingly , specific mutations of Ser(248) , Thr(294) , and Gly(306) convert PU02 into a complex modulator , potentiating and inhibiting 5-HT-evoked signaling through these mutants at low and high concentrations , respectively .	
Cys-loop receptor signaling is susceptible to modulation by ligands acting through numerous allosteric sites .	
The ligand-gated ion channels in the Cys-loop receptor superfamily mediate the effects of neurotransmitters acetylcholine , serotonin , GABA , and glycine .	
PU02 ( 6-[(1-naphthylmethyl)thio]-9H-purine ) is a potent and selective antagonist displaying IC(50) values of \u03bcM at 5-HT(3)Rs and substantially lower activities at other Cys-loop receptors .	
Here we report the discovery of a novel class of negative allosteric modulators of the 5-HT(3) receptors ( 5-HT(3)Rs ) .	
Flt-1 expression did not show significant correlations with peritoneal MVD , D4/P Cr , and PPE .	71	7	711
Overexpression of the cleaved fragment of Par-4 inhibits IκBα phosphorylation and blocks NF-κB nuclear translocation .	
Upon caspase-3 cleavage , the cleaved fragment of Par-4 accumulates in the nucleus and displays increased apoptotic activity .	
Par-4 cleavage generates a C-terminal fragment of kDa , and the cleavage of Par-4 is completely inhibited by a caspase-3 inhibitor , suggesting that caspase-3 is directly involved in the cleavage of Par-4 .	
We found that Par-4 is cleaved during cisplatin-induced apoptosis in human normal and cancer cell lines .	
Here , we show for the first time , that Par-4 is a novel substrate of caspase-3 during apoptosis .	
Prostate apoptosis response 4 ( Par-4 ) is a ubiquitously expressed proapoptotic tumor suppressor protein .	
Interestingly , overexpression of wild-type Par-4 but not the Par-4 D131A mutant sensitizes cells to cisplatin-induced apoptosis .	
Site-directed mutagenesis reveals that Par-4 cleavage by caspase-3 occurs at an unconventional site , EEPD(131)↓G .	
Additionally , knockdown of Par-4 reduces caspase-3 activation and apoptosis induction .	
Caspase-3-deficient MCF-7 cells do not show Par-4 cleavage in response to cisplatin treatment , and restoration of caspase-3 in MCF-7 cells produces a decrease in Par-4 levels , with the appearance of a cleaved fragment .	
Angiogenic factors produced by monocytes-macrophages are involved in the pathogenesis of chronic inflammatory disorders characterized by persistent angiogenesis .	
The possibility was tested that interleukin-8 ( IL-8 ) , which is a cytokine that is chemotactic for lymphocytes and neutrophils , is also angiogenic .	
Human recombinant IL-8 was potently angiogenic when implanted in the rat cornea and induced proliferation and chemotaxis of human umbilical vein endothelial cells .	71	7	711
Angiogenic activity present in the conditioned media of inflamed human rheumatoid synovial tissue macrophages or lipopolysaccharide-stimulated blood monocytes was equally blocked by antibodies to either IL-8 or tumor necrosis factor-alpha .	7	71
An IL-8 antisense oligonucleotide specifically blocked the production of monocyte-induced angiogenic activity .	7	71
These data suggest a function for macrophage-derived IL-8 in angiogenesis-dependent disorders such as rheumatoid arthritis , tumor growth , and wound repair .	7	71
Structural , mutational and functional analyses support a single-metal ion catalytic mechanism for the exonuclease-endonuclease-phosphatase ( EEP ) nuclease superfamily and establish a molecular framework for targeted small-molecule blockade of Tdp2-mediated resistance to anticancer topoisomerase drugs .	63	6
Our in vivo studies showed that a local AIC injection of 50 microCi at 2 days post-cell inoculation gave complete inhibition of tumor growth , whereas results for a non-specific AIC were similar to those for untreated mice .	
Further , after 1 and 3 weeks post-tumor appearance , a single ( 100 microCi/100 microl ) intra-lesional injection of AIC can inhibit the growth of LN3 tumor xenografts ( volume<100 mm(3) ) in nude mice .	
We show that a very high density of PSMA is expressed in an androgen-dependent human PCA cell line ( LNCaP-LN3 ) and in tumor xenografts from nude mice .	
We also demonstrate that the AIC extensively inhibits the growth of LN3 cells in vitro in a concentration-dependent fashion , causing the cells to undergo apoptosis .	8	81
Because of its in vitro cytotoxicity and these anti-proliferative properties in vivo , the ( 213)Bi-J591 conjugate has considerable potential as a new therapeutic agent for the treatment of prostate cancer .	
Tumors treated with AIC decreased in volume from a mean 46+/-14 mm(3) in the first week or 71+/-15 mm(3) in the third week to non-palpable , while in control mice treated with a non-specific AIC using the same dose , tumor volume increased from 42 to 590 mm(3) .	
There were no observed side effects of the treatment .	
Tyrosyl-DNA phosphodiesterase 2 ( Tdp2 ) protects genomic integrity by reversing 5'-phosphotyrosyl-linked topo II-DNA adducts .	
The topoisomerase II ( topo II ) DNA incision-and-ligation cycle can be poisoned ( for example following treatment with cancer chemotherapeutics ) to generate cytotoxic DNA double-strand breaks ( DSBs ) with topo II covalently conjugated to DNA .	
The Tdp2 DNA-binding surface is highly tailored for engagement of 5'-adducted single-stranded DNA ends and restricts nonspecific endonucleolytic or exonucleolytic processing .	
Almost all the genes seem to have higher expression relative to the controls .	
Here , X-ray structures of mouse Tdp2-DNA complexes reveal that Tdp2 \u03b2-2-helix-\u03b2 DNA damage-binding ' grasp ' , helical ' cap ' and DNA lesion-binding elements fuse to form an elongated protein-DNA conjugate substrate-interaction groove .	61	6
Our findings reveal the novel mechanisms causing cisplatin resistance in lung carcinoma cells after long-term drug exposure regarding autophagy .	
Further , co-treatment of cisplatin with autophagy inducer , trifluorperazine , could resensitize H460/cis cells to cisplatin-induced cell death .	
The cisplatin resistant clone ( H460/cis ) of H460 cells was established by exposing the cells with gradually increasing concentrations of cisplatin until chemoresistance acquisition was elucidated by MTT , Hoechst 33342 staining and comet assays .	
This study thus investigated whether an alteration in autophagy could be responsible for cisplatin resistance in the long-term exposure lung carcinoma cells .	
The underlying mechanism of such resistance is not fully understood especially the involvement of autophagy and autophagic cell death .	
Cisplatin-based chemotherapy frequently resulted in acquired resistance of cancer cells .	
Moreover , autophagosome formation detected by acridine orange staining was dramatically reduced in the resistant cells , suggesting the role of autophagy in attenuating of cisplatin-induced cell death .	
Proteins analysis for LC3 indicated that the levels of LC3 in resistant cells were significantly lower than those in H460 cells .	
H460/cis cells exhibited irregular shape with resistant to cisplatin-induced apoptosis compared with H460 cells .	
Degree of autophagosome formation and level of LC3 marker were evaluated by acridine orange and western blot analysis , respectively .	
H3K36me2/3 ) .	
Sci .	
Acad .	
Therefore the induction of immortalization appears indirect .	4	41
However , immortalization was frequently observed .	4	41
According to the mutation hypothesis immortalization is hardly to be expected under these conditions .	
The hypothesis that rodent cells can be immortalized by the direct induction of a single mutation-like event was tested by initiating cultures of benzo(a)pyrene treated Syrian hamster embryo cells with low inocula and expanding these few cells maximally until senescence prevented further culturing or immortalization took place .	
Natl .	
( Proc .	
The results are in line with the probabilistic theory developed in 1980 by both Fernandez et al .	
The progeny of benzo(a)pyrene treated cells immortalized with a rate of 3.9 x 10(-8)/cell/generation , which is 64 times higher than the spontaneous rate .	4	41
Herein , we show that depletion of Aurora A kinase by RNA interference ( RNAi ) in hepatocellular carcinoma ( HCC ) cells upregulated FoxO1 in a p53-dependent manner , which induces cell cycle arrest .	9	51	511	5	91
The presence of lymph node metastasis is the most important prognostic factor but it is limited in predicting local relapse or survival .	
Sigmoidoscopy revealed innumerable polyps in the rectum and sigmoid colon and a large mass in the sigmoid colon .	
Several studies have attempted to correlate specific APC mutations with clinical phenotype.6 However , there is considerable variability in the expression of specific phenotypes within families and among individuals with identical mutations.7 CASE PRESENTATION A 30 year-old Hispanic female presented to the emergency department with a 2-week history of persistent , worsening , left lower quadrant abdominal pain .	
However , crosstalk between AR and EGFR pathways in bladder cancer remains uncharacterized .	
After determination of radiosensitivity , we investigated intrinsic cellular determinants which influence radiosensitivity including cell cycle distribution , free-radical scavengers and DNA repair .	
CONCLUSION Genetic information has only recently started being incorporated into clinical care .	
In these mice , which provide a model for familial ALS , diaphragm denervation ( as well as gastrocnemius denervation ( was found .	
Genetic testing of the patient via southern blot revealed a germline APC mutation 3927del5 , resulting in a premature truncation of the APC protein at amino acid position 1312 .	63	6
This work provides evidence that epirubicin acts to form drug-DNA adducts at physiologically relevant concentrations and demonstrates that the rate of formation of epirubicin-DNA adducts is slower than that observed for other anthracycline compounds , explaining why they are only detectable under defined experimental conditions .	61	611	6
Formation of covalent epirubicin-DNA adducts improves the apoptotic profile of epirubicin and provides opportunities to overcome drug resistance and cardiotoxic limitations .	611	61	6	8	81
Epirubicin was developed as a semi-synthetic anthracycline derivative to circumvent the cardiotoxic limitations associated with the use of doxorubicin in the clinic .	
Anthracycline compounds have been demonstrated to form covalent drug-DNA adducts utilising endogenous and exogenous sources of formaldehyde ; however , previous investigations of the formation of epirubicin-DNA adducts provide conflicting evidence for adduct formation .	
Endoscopy revealed innumerable polyps .	
Biopsy of the mass revealed a moderately differentiated adenocarcinoma invading the subserosa .	
Altogether , the properties herein evaluated suggest that TM34 could be an anticancer agent of highly relevant therapeutic value .	
Albumin binding does not affect TM34 activity , yielding an adduct that maintains cytotoxic properties ( against A2780 and A2780cisR cells ) .	
This indicates that TM34 can be efficiently transported by this protein , possibly being involved in its distribution and delivery if the complex is introduced in the blood stream .	
TM34 quickly binds to human serum albumin forming a 1:1 complex with a conditional stability constant ( log K ' comparable to that of the Ru(III) complex in clinical trial KP1019 .	
The effect of TM34 on the activity of the enzyme poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase 1 ( PARP-1 ) involved in DNA repair mechanisms and apoptotic pathways was also evaluated , and it was found to be a strong PARP-1 ruthenium inhibitor in the low micromolar range ( IC(50)=1.0 ± 0.3 \u03bcM ) .	
The high activity of TM34 towards CisPt resistant cell lines possibly suggests a mechanism of action distinct from that of CisPt .	
TM34 is very active against all tumorigenic cell lines , its efficacy largely surpassing that of cisplatin ( CisPt ) .	
We present results on the in vitro antitumor activity of an organometallic ' Ru(II)Cp ' complex , [ Ru(II)Cp(bipy)(PPh(3))][CF(3)SO(3) ] , designated as TM34 ( PPh(3) = triphenylphosphine ; bipy = 2,2'-bipyridine ) , against a panel of human tumor cell lines with different responses to cisplatin treatment , namely ovarian ( A2780/A2780cisR , cisplatin sensitive and resistant , respectively ) , breast ( MCF7 ) and prostate ( PC3 ) adenocarcinomas .	
Ruthenium complexes hold great potential as alternatives to cisplatin in cancer chemotherapy .	
A1 caused significant cell cycle arrest in all phases according to the cell line , and increased the proportion of cells in the sub G0/G1 phase .	9	51	511	5	91
Chalcone A1 is non-cytotoxic to PBL cells and to JMA cells .	
An abrogated mitochondrial respiration contributes to a diminished potential for reactive oxygen species signaling in response to 5-fluorouracil treatment .	
The tumor forming potential of the cells is a non-genetically acquired condition that provides the cancer cell with a cell-death resistant phenotype .	
Remarkably , the molecular and ultrastructural analysis of the tumors derived from the three HCT116 cell lines under study highlight that tumor promotion inevitably requires the selection of cancer cells with a repressed biogenesis and functional activity of mitochondria , i.e. the highly glycolytic phenotype is selected for tumor development .	31	3
The aggressive cellular phenotype , which is highly glycolytic , is bound to the deregulated expression of genes involved in metabolic processes , the regulation of the cell cycle , apoptosis , angiogenesis and cell adhesion .	31	3
We show that the activity of oxidative phosphorylation defines the rate of glucose utilization by aerobic glycolysis .	31	3
The generated cells exhibit large ultrastructural , transcriptomic , proteomic and functional differences in their mitochondria and in their in vivo tumor forming capacity .	
Here , we have generated HCT116-derived colocarcinoma cell lines expressing different levels of the beta catalytic subunit of the mitochondrial H+-adenosine triphosphate synthase to assess the contribution of mitochondrial bioenergetics in colon cancer progression .	
The contribution that mitochondrial bioenergetics could have in cancer development is debated .	
It was also cytotoxic to HL-29 cells .	
Treatment of cancer cells with dichloroacetate partially restores the functional differentiation of mitochondria and promotes tumor regression , emphasizing the reversible nature of the metabolic trait of cancer .	
Chalcone A1 significantly reduced the cell viability of K562 , Jurkat , Kasumi , U937 , CEM and NB4 cells in a concentration and time-dependent manner when compared with the control group ( IC(50) values between ∼1.5μM and 40μM ) .	
C-terminal clipping of CCL1 augmented intracellular calcium release mediated by CCR8 but reduced the binding of CCL1 to CCR8 .	
CCL1 was identified as a novel substrate for CPM in vitro using mass spectrometry .	
CPM is thought to be involved in inflammatory processes .	
Carboxypeptidase M ( CPM ) targets the basic amino acids arginine and lysine present at the C-terminus of peptides or proteins .	
Since the function of CPM in and beyond inflammation remains mainly undefined , the identification of natural substrates can aid in discovering the ( patho)physiological role of CPM .	
This is corroborated by CPM-mediated trimming and modulation of inflammatory factors , and expression of the protease in inflammatory environments .	
CCL1 plays a role not only in inflammation but also in apoptosis , angiogenesis and tumor biology .	
CCL1/I-309 , with its three C-terminal basic amino acids , forms a potential natural substrate for CPM .	
The aim of the present study was to investigate whether ( i ) CCL1/I-309 is prone to trimming by CPM , and ( ii ) the biological activity of CCL1 is altered after C-terminal proteolytic processing .	
Enzymatic processing differently impacts the biological activity of chemokines thereby contributing to the complex regulation of the chemokine system .	
Significant differences were noted in the 30-39 years age group ( z=3.45 ) and 40-49 years age group ( z= 1.98 ) .	
A higher percentage of CIN I was noted among pooled COC users compared to the control group ( z= 2.00 ) although no significant differences were obtained within different age groups .	
It was difficult to establish the average period of contraceptive use because in most instances there was no proper documentation on the exact dates as to when the subjects started using COCs .	
The number of subjects with each condition was noted from each of the following age groups ; <20 years , 20-29years , 30-39years , 40-49years and >50years .	
The study focuses on the effects of combined oral contraceptives ( COCs ) on the onset of cervical dysplasia among Zimbabwean women .	
Women who had used COCs for at least 2 years and were in continued use were compared to non-users of COCs ( control group ) .	
No significant differences were noted for mild to moderate cervical inflammation in all age groups .	a	a2
There was a higher percentage of COC users with severe cervical inflammation compared to the control group in all age groups .	a	a2
It was found that the percentage of the control group with benign conditions was higher than that of COC users in all age groups .	
Significant differences at 95 percent confidence level were noted for the 20-29 years age group ( z= -2.21 ) and 40-49 years age group ( z= -2.53).The number of subjects in the <20 years and >50 years age groups were too small for z-score computation .	
Notably , GPX3 hypermethylation and underexpression occur commonly in prostate , gastric , cervical , thyroid , and colon cancers .	
In the multivariate analysis , the variable having the greatest influence was Fuhrman grade ( p = 0,032 ) .	
RESULTS In the univariate analysis , all variables analyzed had a significant influence on death for renal cell carcinoma .	
Disease-free survival was estimated using a Cox regression model and Kaplan-Meier curves .	
Dependent variables were used to analyze cancer-specific survival rates .	
A descriptive and analytical statistical analysis was performed using logistic regression for univariate and multivariate analyses .	
Cancer-specific survival probability and disease-free survival were calculated .	
For statistical analysis , variables analyzed were categorized as pT1 , 2 vs pT3 , 4 ; Fuhrman grade 1 , 2 vs 3 , 4 ; tumor size < 7 cm vs >or= 7cm ; tumor necrosis vs no tumor necrosis ; microvascular invasion of sinus fat vs no invasion .	
Tumor necrosis , microscopic vascular invasion , and sinus fat invasion were analyzed and compared to the classical factors : TNM classification , Fuhrman grade , and tumor size .	
MATERIALS AND METHODS A retrospective , analytical study was conducted of surgical specimens from 139 patients with localized renal cell carcinoma who underwent nephrectomy from 1993 to 2005 .	
OBJECTIVE To analyze histological factors not routinely assessed as potential prognostic factors in renal cell carcinoma , such as tumor necrosis , microscopic vascular invasion , and sinus fat invasion .	
Pharmacodynamic studies showed robust phosphorylated STAT3 in control tumors , whereas phospho-STAT3 was not detected in LLL12-treated OS-1 tumors .	
Expressions of EGF-R and c-erbB-2 oncoprotein were viewed in breast and cervical cancer tissues by immunochemical staining .	9	93
A comparative study was undertaken between cancer of the uterine cervix ( n = 50 ) and female breast cancer ( n = 50 ) with reference to the expression of c-erbB-2 oncoprotein ( HER-2/neu ) and that of epidermal growth factor receptor ( EGF-R ) , both being highly homologous structurally .	
Among breast cancer cases , over-expression of EGF-R correlated significantly with metastasis of lymph node ; and expression of c-erbB-2 oncoprotein showed a significant relationship with histological grading of the tumour .	9	93	12	1
Cervical cancer cases showed much higher expression of EGF-R which also revealed significant association with the expression of c-erbB-2 oncoprotein and tumour grading .	9	93
Our study revealed an existence of a conflicting pattern in the expression of EGF-R and c-erbB-2 oncoprotein between carcinomas of the breast and uterine cervix .	
Moreover , an association was noticed between the tumour grade and the concomitant immuno positive expression of EGF-R and c-erbB-2 .	
Altogether the results point out and define fine structural alterations of diaphragm NMJs in the murine model of familial ALS at symptom onset , and indicate that nandrolone may prevent or delay structural alterations in NMJ mitochondria and stimulate presynaptic activity but does not prevent muscle denervation during the disease .	
The subtelomeric regions of organisms ranging from protists to fungi undergo a much higher rate of rearrangement than is observed in the rest of the genome .	
The other genotypes of TLR3 , 4 and 9 did not exhibit any significant association with bladder cancer risk .	
Snail was overexpressed in human CRC surgical specimens .	
Our results suggest that there is a biochemical link between oxidative stress and the local Ang II-forming system .	a21	a2	a
Furthermore , MMCP-5 and MMCP-4 expression levels were drastically suppressed and chymase induction by homocysteine was diminished under the GATA-inhibited condition .	
Homocysteine increased mast cell chymase expression and activity through the mechanism of oxidative stress .	a21	a2	a
We used a mouse embryonic fibroblast ( MEF ) primary cell model together with immortalized and transformed human cell lines derived from papillary and anaplastic thyroid cancer .	
While characterizing these regions of the human fungal pathogen Cryptococcus neoformans , we have identified a recent gene amplification event near the right telomere of chromosome 3 that involves a gene encoding an arsenite efflux transporter ( ARR3 ) .	
Furthermore , treating cells with the combination of Taxol and oxamate showed a synergistical inhibitory effect on Taxol-resistant breast cancer cells by promoting apoptosis in these cells .	
CONCLUSION LDH-A plays an important role in Taxol resistance and inhibition of LDH-A re-sensitizes Taxol-resistant cells to Taxol .	
Consequently , chromatin-modifying enzymes , including adenosine triphosphate-dependent chromatin remodeling enzymes , play an important role in the management of DNA double-strand breaks ( DSBs ) .	
RESULTS Taxol-resistant subclones , derived from the cancer cell line MDA-MB-435 , sustained continuous growth in high concentrations of Taxol while the Taxol-sensitive cells could not .	
The increased expression and activity of LDH-A were detected in Taxol-resistant cells when compared with their parental cells .	
The downregulation of LDH-A by siRNA significantly increased the sensitivity of Taxol-resistant cells to Taxol .	
A higher sensitivity to the specific LDH inhibitor , oxamate , was found in the Taxol-resistant cells .	
BACKGROUND Taxol is one of the most effective chemotherapeutic agents for the treatment of patients with breast cancer .	
Despite impressive clinical responses initially , the majority of patients eventually develop resistance to Taxol .	
Lactate dehydrogenase-A ( LDH-A ) is one of the predominant isoforms of LDH expressed in breast tissue , which controls the conversion of pyruvate to lactate and plays an important role in glucose metabolism .	
In this study we investigated the role of LDH-A in mediating Taxol resistance in human breast cancer cells .	
In scid mice , LLL12 reduced microvessel invasion into VEGF-infused Matrigel plugs by ∼90% at a dose of 5 mg/kg daily .	11	7	711	1	71
The 3,177-bp amplicon exists in a tandem array of 2-15 copies and is present exclusively in strains with the C. neoformans var. grubii subclade VNI A5 MLST profile .	
Sal induced apoptosis as characterized by an increase in the Bax/Bcl-2 ratio .	8	81
In the case of MMS treatment , PAR synthesis did not lead to cell death in the pol \u03b2 null cells , but instead resulted in increased PARylation of the nonhomologous end-joining ( NHEJ ) protein Ku70 and increased association of Ku70 with PARP-1 .	62	6
DNA damage signaling and repair take place in a chromatin context .	
The anti-tumor antibiotic salinomycin ( Sal ) was recently identified as a selective inhibitor of breast cancer stem cells ; however , the effect of Sal on hepatocellular carcinoma ( HCC ) is not clear .	
This study aimed to determine the anti-tumor efficacy and mechanism of Sal on HCC .	
HCC cell lines ( HepG2 , SMMC-7721 , and BEL-7402 ) were treated with Sal .	
Cell doubling time was determinated by drawing growth curve , cell viability was evaluated using the Cell Counting Kit 8 .	
The fraction of CD133(+) cell subpopulations was assessed by flow cytometry .	
We found that Sal inhibits proliferation and decreases PCNA levels as well as the proportion of HCC CD133(+)cell subpopulations in HCC cells .	
Cell cycle was analyzed using flow cytometry and showed that Sal caused cell cycle arrest of the various HCC cell lines in different phases .	9	51	511	5	91
Morphologic analysis of LLL12 treated HUVECs demonstrated marked changes in actin/tubulin distribution and bundling .	
Inhibition of the NHEJ factor DNA-PK , under conditions of MMS-induced PARP-1 hyperactivation , enhanced necrotic cell death .	83	62	8	6
Conclusions : Our results indicate that SOD3 influences growth signaling in primary and cancer cells downstream of the ras oncogene and could serve as a therapy target at an early tumorigenesis phase .	a21	a2	a	9	921	92
The extent and duration of PARP-1 activation was measured after exposure to either the DNA alkylating agent , methyl methanesulfonate ( MMS ) , or to low energy laser-induced DNA damage .	
Here , we examine PAR synthesis in mouse fibroblasts deficient in the base excision repair enzyme DNA polymerase \u03b2 ( pol \u03b2 ) .	
LLL12 ( 100 nM ) significantly inhibited VEGF-stimulated STAT3 phosphorylation in HUVECs , reduced their proliferation/migration and inhibited VEGF-induced tube formation .	11	7	711	1	71
Pancreatic cancer cell mobility was decreased when the CCK-BR was downregulated , as assessed by a migration assay .	11	1
METHODS Sixty-one surgical removed pituitary adenomas ( forty-nine cases invasive and twelve non-invasive adenomas ) were investigated .	
CCK-BR downregulation resulted in reduced cancer cell proliferation , decreased DNA synthesis , and cell cycle arrest as demonstrated by an inhibition of G(1) to S phase progression .	9	51	511	5	91
Furthermore , CCK-BR downregulation increased caspase-3 activity , TUNEL-positive cells , and decreased X-linked inhibitor of apoptosis protein expression , suggesting apoptotic activity .	8	81
The effect of CCK-BR downregulation in the human pancreatic adenocarcinoma cells was examined by utilizing specific CCK-BR-targeted RNA interference reagents .	
The CCK-BR receptor expression was both transiently and stably downregulated by transfection with selective CCK-BR small-interfering RNA or short-hairpin RNA , respectively , and the effects on cell growth and apoptosis were assessed .	
Gastrin stimulates the growth of pancreatic cancer cells through the activation of the cholecystokinin-B receptor ( CCK-BR ) , which has been found to be overexpressed in pancreatic cancer .	
Immunohistochemistry staining ( SP method ) was used to detect the expression of MMP-9 , MMP-2 , TIMP-1 , and TIMP-2 in two groups .	
The matrix metalloproteinases ( MMPs ) and their nature inhibitors-the tissue inhibitors of metalloproteinases ( TIMPs ) may play a central role in these processes .	
Strategies to decrease the CCK-BR expression and activity may be beneficial for the development of new methods to improve the treatment for patients with pancreatic cancer .	
The aggressive mechanism of pituitary adenomas was studied through investigating the expression of MMP-9 , MMP-2 , TIMP-1 , and TIMP-2 in both invasive and non-invasive adenomas .	
Pituitary adenomas are abounding blood vessels .	
METHODOLOGY/PRINCIPAL FINDINGS We investigated the direct action of a small molecule inhibitor of STAT3 ( LLL12 ) in human umbilical cord vascular endothelial cells ( HUVECs ) in vitro , in a Matrigel model for angiogenesis in vivo , and its antitumor activity in a xenograft model of osteosarcoma .	
Besides their therapeutic effects , accumulating evidences suggest that chemotherapeutic agents also induced EMT and enhanced the malignancy of treated cancer cells ; however , the mechanism(s) still remains unclear .	
The epithelial-mesenchymal transition ( EMT ) is a fundamental process governing morphogenesis in multicellular organisms and has recently been implicated in promoting carcinoma invasion and metastasis .	
We found that the transient treatment of Dox induced EMT and enhanced the in vitro migration ability of cancer cells .	11	1
Here , we investigated the role of β-catenin signaling in doxorubicin ( Dox)-induced EMT in human gastric cancer cell line BGC-823 .	
Inhibition of β-catenin by indomethacin ( Indo ) or siRNA suppressed Dox-induced EMT and decreased cancer cell migration ability .	11	1
BACKGROUND & OBJECTIVE Usually pituitary adenomas are histological benign and grow slowly , but a proportion of them will become locally aggressive , and develop into invasive pituitary adenomas .	
Indo and other β-catenin inhibitors may have a potential implication in prevention of gastric cancer metastasis .	1	12
Our results showed that β-catenin signaling was critical to Dox-induced EMT .	
The purpose of the present study was to investigate the expression of p16 in gallbladder carcinoma and its precancerous conditions and to examine the relationship between p16 expression and clinicopathological parameters .	
The reasons for these differences in tumor behavior are poorly understood .	
STAT3 inhibitors have been shown to reduce tumor microvessel density in tumors but a direct anti-angiogenic activity has not been described .	
FGF19 is a recently identified driver gene in hepatocarcinogenesis and an activator of β-catenin signaling in HCC and colon cancer cells .	9	92
This study will be meaningful for future screening and design of polyoxometalate-based anticancer drugs .	
Herein , we selected polyoxometalates ( POMs ) with different structures to study the interactions between bFGF and POMs .	
The results show that POMs could bind to the protein with high affinity , causing detectable changes in conformation and biophysical properties of protein .	
In addition , POMs could effectively inhibit the cell proliferation induced by bFGF .	71	7	711
Significantly , we found that the structure , size and composition of POMs play a key role in the interactions between bFGF and POMs .	71	7	711
Angiogenesis is the process of new blood vessel formation from pre-existing ones .	
Angiogenic factors contribute to neovascularization that takes place in angiogenesis-dependent diseases , including cancer .	
Inhibiting the activity of the angiogenic factors to block the angiogenesis pathways is the current strategy of cancer therapy .	
Basic fibroblast growth factor ( bFGF ) is regarded as one of the most important angiogenic factors .	
Accordingly , abrogation of the kinase-dependent function of cyclin D1 is sufficient to render mice resistant to breast cancer initiated by ErbB2 .	
Overexpression of cyclin D1 is believed to endow mammary epithelial cells ( MEC ) with a proliferative advantage by virtue of its contribution to pRB inactivation .	
In addition , immortalized cyclin D1(KE/KE) MECs retain high rates of autophagy and reduced ErbB2-mediated transformation in vitro .	
Here , we report that mouse cyclin D1(KE/KE) MECs ( deficient in cyclin D1 activity ) upregulate an autophagy-like process but fail to implement ErbB2-induced senescence in vivo .	82	42	4	8
Autophagy upregulation was also confirmed in human mammary epithelial cells ( HMEC ) subjected to genetic and pharmacologic inhibition of cyclin D1 activity and , similar to our murine system , simultaneous inhibition of Cdk4/6 and autophagy in HMECs enhanced the senescence response .	82	42	4	8
However , highlighting its dual role during tumorigenesis , downregulation of autophagy led to an increase in senescence in cyclin D1(KE/KE) MECs .	82	42	4	8
Cancer Res ; 72(24) ; 6477-89. �2012 AACR .	
BACKGROUND Recent data indicate the Signal Transducer and Activator of Transcription 3 ( STAT3 ) pathway is required for VEGF production and angiogenesis in various types of cancers .	
In addition , our calculations provide strong evidence for protonation of the adducts prior to depurination , which indicates pH dependence of the reaction .	
More importantly , the ARR3 array will serve as an ideal model for further molecular genetic analyses of how tandem gene duplications arise and expand .	
Dysregulation of cell signaling pathways is a common denominator in tumorigenesis , including hepatocarcinogenesis .	
In contrast , mutations to the distal histidine residues are less detrimental to protein expression , and extracellular respiration can proceed .	
BACKGROUND Treatment of head and neck cancer with radiation often results in damage to surrounding normal tissues such as salivary glands .	
Taking all this together , it can be concluded that Fan is an effective anti-proliferative agent that modulates cell growth regulators in prostate cancer cells .	
Prostate cancer ( PCA ) is the most common invasive malignancy and the second leading cause of cancer-related death in males .	
The present study investigated the effects of fangchinoline ( Fan ) , an important compound in Stephania Tetradra S. Moore ( Fenfangji ) with pain-relieving , blood pressure-depressing , and antibiotic activities , on human PCA .	
It was found that Fan inhibited human prostate cancer cell lines ( PC3 ) cell proliferation in a dose- and time-dependent manner .	
Studies of cell-cycle progression showed that the anti-proliferative effect of Fan was associated with an increase in the G1/S phase of PC3 cells .	9	51	511	5	91
Western blot results indicated that Fan-induced G1/S phase arrest was mediated through inhibition of cyclin-regulated signaling pathways .	9	51	91	5	511
Fan induced p27 expression and inhibited cyclin D and proliferating cell nuclear antigen ( PCNA ) expression in PC3 cells .	9	51	511	5	91
Increased exposure time to Fan caused apoptosis of PC3 cells , which was associated with up-regulation of pro-apoptotic proteins Bax and caspase 3 , and down-regulation of anti-apoptotic protein Bcl-2 .	8	81
Furthermore , Fan had anti-tumorigenic activity in vivo , including reduction of tumor volume and pro-apoptotic and anti-proliferative effects in a PC3 nude mouse xenograft .	
Liver function was evaluated by detecting serum levels of alanine aminotransferase ( ALT ) and aspartate aminotransferase ( AST ) and liver index .	
Liver sections were prepared for histopathological assessment .	
KEY FINDINGS CCl(4) induced hepatocyte necrosis , inflammatory cell infiltration and fatty degeneration , which were ameliorated by co-treatment with rBPTI in a concentration-dependent manner .	83	a2	a	8
Liver oxidative stress and inflammation were examined by detecting the liver malondialdehyde level and glutathione and superoxide dismutase activity , and serum tumour necrosis factor-alpha level , respectively .	
Therefore , strategies to prevent toxicity are needed for maintaining a healthy liver .	
OBJECTIVES Toxicity caused by pharmacological and chemical substances , including carbon tetrachloride ( CCl(4) ) , is a major pathological factor for liver injury .	
METHODS Mice were treated with CCl(4) in the presence or absence of co-treatment with rBPTI .	
This study was designed to determine whether recombinant bovine pancreatic trypsin inhibitor ( rBPTI ) , a non-specific serine protease inhibitor , prevents CCl(4)-induced liver injury in mice .	
Fish were exposed via the trophic route to a daily PAH concentration of 120 μg/g food .	
Fish were sampled at different time points .	
The aim of the present study was to better investigate the link between PAH exposure and genotoxicity in marine flatfish .	
During a laboratory experiment , juvenile soles were exposed for four weeks to a mixture of three PAHs , namely benzo[a]pyrene , fluoranthene and pyrene , followed by one week of depuration .	
Importantly , rBPTI reduced CCl(4)-induced liver oxidative stress response and pro-inflammatory cytokine production .	a21	a2	a
Furthermore , rBPTI prevented CCl(4)-induced disruption of liver function .	
Polycylic aromatic hydrocarbons ( PAHs ) are ubiquitous contaminants in the marine environment .	
Their toxicity is mainly linked to the ability of marine species to biotransform them into reactive metabolites .	
TUNEL revealed that CD8+CD25+ Treg cells , but not CD4+CD25+ Treg cells , directly induced CD4+CD45ROhi+ apoptosis .	8	81
Pam3CSK4-treated CD8+CD25+ Treg cells directly suppressed CD4+ T cell proliferation by cell-contact inhibition .	5	52
D. pteronyssinus-specific IT induced a significant increase in CD8+Foxp3+ Treg cells expressing intracellular IL-10 and granzyme B. Costimulation of PBMCs with Pam3CSK4 and D. pteronyssinus 2 expanded the CD8+CD25+Foxp3+ Treg population and inhibited D. pteronyssinus 2-induced IL-4 production .	
This study was performed without a placebo-controlled group .	
PBMCs were isolated from healthy control subjects and from mite-sensitive asthmatic patients during IT at three specific times : before IT and 6 mo and 1 y after the maximum-tolerated dose .	
This study investigated whether Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus-specific IT could expand the CD8+CD25+Foxp3+ Treg population and whether Pam3CSK4 could enhance the Treg population .	
Less is known about the function of CD8+ Treg cells than about the function of CD4+ Treg cells generated during allergen-specific immunotherapy ( IT ) .	
Pam3CSK4 , a synthetic TLR2 ligand , has been shown to expand CD4+ regulatory T cells ( Treg cells ) .	
MDSCs expand extensively during inflammation and tumor progression in mice and humans and can enhance tumor growth by repressing T cell-mediated antitumor responses .	a	a2
Our results provide direct evidence that Pam3CSK4 induces an immunomodulatory effect by inducing CD8+ Treg cells ; therefore , it may be a good adjuvant for the treatment of mite allergies .	
We previously reported that tumors implanted in TNF receptor-deficient ( Tnfr-/- ) mice are spontaneously rejected ; however , the molecular mechanisms underlying this rejection are unclear .	
Moreover , the authors also show that the survival patterns for E6-AP negative patients were worse compared to E6-AP positive patients .	
Taken together , these data suggests that E6-AP may act as a tumor suppressor in breast .	
Furthermore , the data also suggests that E6-AP exerts its effects on target cells by modulating the protein levels and functions of ERα and PR .	
In addition , it was found in human breast cancer patients that the level of E6-AP is decreased in invasive breast tumors compared to normal breast tissue .	11	1
Co-existence of CCND1 and VEGF overexpression had significantly poorer disease-free survival rates ( P  = 0.004 ) and overall survival rates ( P = 0.001 ) than other phenotypes .	
RESULTS Multivariate analysis showed vascular invasion ( P = 0.019 ) , VEGF overexpression ( P = 0.033 ) , and high postoperative serum carcinoembryonic antigen ( CEA ) levels ( P = 0.022 ) were independent predictors of postoperative relapse .	7	71
Furthermore , the clinical outcomes of co-existence of CCND1 and VEGF were investigated .	
METHODS We analyzed clinicopathological features , VEGF and CCND1 expressions by immunohistochemical ( IHC ) staining in 100 stage I-III CRC patients ( 44 were postoperative relapsed ; 56 were postoperative non-relapsed ) to determine the correlation between clinicopathologic features and co-existence of CCND1 and VEGF .	
Our aim was to determine the roles of CCND1 and VEGF overexpression in CRC patients .	
Cyclin D1 ( CCND1 ) induces production of VEGF and is required for migration of blood vessels .	
Studies have indicated vascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF ) is the predominant angiogenic factor .	
BACKGROUND Angiogenesis plays an important role in the progression of colorectal cancer ( CRC ) .	
Thellungiella salsuginea , a close relative of Arabidopsis , represents an extremophile model for abiotic stress tolerance studies .	
CONCLUSIONS Co-existence of CCND1 and VEGF overexpression would potentially assist in TNM staging systems to predict the prognosis of these patients who would benefit from intensive follow-up and therapeutic programs .	
We present the draft sequence of the T. salsuginea genome , assembled based on coverage to seven chromosomes with a coding capacity of at least 28,457 genes .	
This analysis provides a practical application of MOA Framework guidance and is instructive for the design of studies to improve upon the information available for quantitative risk assessment .	
Permanent loss of function in the salivary glands often leads patients to discontinue treatment due to incapacitating side effects .	
Although available data generally support the plausibility of these key events , several unresolved questions and data gaps were identified , highlighting the need for obtaining critical toxicokinetic and toxicodynamic data in the target tissue and in the low-dose range .	
Experimental assays that can address these data gaps are discussed along with strategies for comparisons between responsive and nonresponsive tissues and species .	
An MOA analysis , consistent with approaches outlined in the MOA Framework as described in the Guidelines for Carcinogen Risk Assessment , was conducted to evaluate small intestinal tumors observed in mice chronically exposed to relatively high concentrations of hexavalent chromium ( Cr(VI) ) in drinking water .	
Based on review of the literature , key events in the MOA are hypothesized to include saturation of the reductive capacity of the upper gastrointestinal tract , absorption of Cr(VI) into the intestinal epithelium , oxidative stress and inflammation , cell proliferation , direct and/or indirect DNA modification , and mutagenesis .	a21	63	a	6	a2
Mode of action ( MOA ) analysis provides a systematic description of key events leading to adverse health effects in animal bioassays for the purpose of informing human health risk assessment .	
Uncertainties and data gaps identified in the MOA analysis may also be used to guide future research to improve understanding of the MOAs underlying a specific toxic response and foster development of toxicokinetic and toxicodynamic models .	
Furthermore , analysis of anthocyanin concentrations in rat plasma and rat colon was included in the testing , demonstrating that anthocyanins reach the colon and the concentrations do not differ between rats that only received anthocyanins and the anthocyanin/irinotecan group .	
Blackberry extract was found to significantly reduce irinotecan-mediated topoisomerase I/DNA cleavable complex formation .	
In the present study , the question was addressed whether anthocyanins interfere with the topoisomerase I poison irinotecan in vivo .	
In vivo complexes of enzyme to DNA bioassay was used to detect irinotecan-induced stabilization of topoisomerase I/DNA complexes and single cell gel electrophoresis to determine DNA-strand-break induction in the colon of male Wistar rats .	
Furthermore , a significant reduction of irinotecan-induced DNA-strand breaks after a pretreatment with cy , cy-3-g and blackberry extract was observed .	612	61	6
Thus , the question arises whether anthocyanin-rich preparations might interfere with chemotherapy or whether , due to low systemic bioavailability , the preparations might provide protective potential in the gastrointestinal tract .	
Overall , anthocyanins did not notably increase cleavable complex formation .	
However , a significant increase of DNA damage was shown after a single dose of irinotecan as well as the single compounds cyanidin ( cy ) and cyanidin-3-glucoside ( cy-3-g ) .	61	6
OBJECTIVE To evaluate the Expression and correlation of cyclooxygenase-2 ( COX-2 ) and vascular endothelial growth factor receptor ( VEGF ) in nasopharyngeal carcinoma .	
METHOD In this study , expression levels of COX-2 , VEGF were examined in 58 patients with nasopharyngeal carcinoma and 38 patients with inflammation in nasopharyngeal mucosa by immunohistochemistry method .	
RESULT The expression of COX-2 , VEGF were higher in nasopharyngeal carcinoma than those in nasopharyngeal mucosa ( P < 0.05 ) , and they had some correlation with the invasion and lymphatic metastasis and with the clinical stage of nasopharyngeal carcinoma ( P < 0.05 ) .	a	7	711	1	a2	71
The expression of COX-2 was positively correlated with that of VEGF ( P < 0.05 ) .	a	93	a2	9
CONCLUSION The coexpression of COX-2 and VEGF may play animportant role in the carcinogenesis and development of nasopharyngeal carcinoma , and they may prom ( see text ) lymph node metastasis of nasopharyngeal carcinoma .	a	12	71	711	1	a2	7
In this work , we hypothesized that cellular stress caused by mifepristone is limited to cytostasis and that cell killing is avoided as a consequence of the persistent activity of the PI3K/Akt survival pathway.To investigate the role of this pathway in mifepristone-induced growth inhibition , human ovarian cancer cells of various histological subtypes and genetic backgrounds were exposed to cytostatic doses of mifepristone in the presence or absence of the PI3K inhibitor , LY294002 .	
A survival advantage was noted in tumors retaining normal membranous expression of beta-catenin , independent of type , grade , or stage ( P < 0.005 ) .	
CONCLUSIONS Abnormal expression of the E-cadherin-catenin complex occurs frequently in gastric carcinoma .	
The close correlation with poor survival suggests that abnormal beta-catenin may be a useful prognostic marker .	
NMSC includes several types of malignancies with different clinical outcomes , the most frequent being basal and squamous cell carcinomas .	
L02 and HepG2 cells were treated with different concentrations of AEA and methyl-beta-cyclodextrin , and the rates of cells necrosis were examined by PI stain .	
Meanwhile , the expression levels of FAAH , CB1 and CB2 receptor proteins , as well as P38 mitogen-activated protein kinase ( p-P38 MAPK ) and c-Jun-NH2-terminal kinase ( p-JNK ) proteins , were analyzed by Western blot .	
OBJECTIVE To study the effect of anandamide ( AEA ) on necrosis in HepG2 cells and to explore the role of AEA in progression of liver cancer .	
METHODS Localization of the fatty acid hydrolytic enzyme ( FAAH ) , cannabinoid receptors 1(CB1) and cannabinoid receptors 2 ( CB2 ) proteins was detected in L02 and HepG2 cells using immunofluorescence .	
The expression level of CB1 receptor protein was very low in both L02 and HepG2 cells .	
The expression level of CB2 receptor protein was high in both L02 and HepG2 cells .	
RESULTS The FAAH , CB1 and CB2 receptor proteins were observed both in cytoplasm and on membrane in L02 and HepG2 cells .	
The expression level of FAAH protein was higher in HepG2 than in L02 cells .	
Our results indicate that miR-22 is induced by 1,25(OH)(2)D(3) in human colon cancer cells and it may contribute to its antitumour action against this neoplasia .	
In 39 out of 50 ( 78% ) human colon cancer patients , miR-22 expression was found lower in the tumour than in the matched normal tissue and correlated directly with that of VDR .	
AEA treatment induced necrosis in HepG2 cells but not in L02 cells .	83	8
Methyl-beta-cyclodextrin treatment prevented necrosis in HepG2 cells ( t = 3.702 ; 5.274 ; 3.503 , P less than 0.05 ) .	83	8
Serum luteinizing hormone ( LH ) , follicle-stimulating hormone ( FSH ) , prolactin ( PRL ) , and estradiol were measured by radioimmunoassay .	
Hematological parameters were determined .	
To establish if immunosuppression could alter the development of this experimental tumor , the effects of cyclosporin A ( CsA ) and dexamethasone ( Dex ) were evaluated .	
After surgery , tumor-bearing and sham animals were kept without treatment for 4 weeks ; thereafter , they were distributed into CsA ( 25 mg/kg ) , Dex ( 0.1 mg/kg ) , or vehicle ( 75:25 castor oil:ethanol ) groups and were injected on alternate days for 50 days .	
Immunosuppression has been related to the incidence of tumor apparition , including endocrine tumors .	
The intrasplenic ovarian tumor ( luteoma ) is a typical benign endocrine tumor that develops under high gonadotropin stimulation and , from the immunological perspective , is located in a critical organ involved in immune response .	
Thymi were weighed .	
Tumors were measured and placed in formaline for histological studies .	
Body weight was evaluated weekly .	
Animals were sacrificed after a jugular vein blood sample was obtained .	
PIF further lowered circulating interleukin-17 , but not interferon-γ levels .	
Both GVHD associated cytokines and chemokines gene expression were decreased in the liver .	
CONCLUSIONS Ganetespib has greater potency than 17-AAG and potential efficacy against several NSCLC subsets , including those harboring EGFR or ERBB2 mutation .	
These unexpected results might provide a critical new target for the treatment of bladder cancer .	
Finally , the IL-20-induced migration and invasion of cells was confirmed by IL-20 gene transfection and by addition of anti-IL-20 antibody .	11	1
This is the first report that p21WAF1 is involved in ERK1/2-mediated MMP-9 expression via increased binding activity of NF-κB , which resulted in the induction of migration in IL-20/IL-20R1 dyad-induced bladder cancer cells .	11	51	1	5	511
It has previously been shown that IGF-1 suppresses radiation-induced apoptosis and enhances G2/M arrest leading to preservation of salivary gland function .	
We show that AhR activation suppressed mammosphere formation of MCF-7 cells and decreased the proportion of cells with high ALDH-1 ( aldehyde dehydrogenase 1 ) activity .	9	93
Thus , we propose a p53-controlled tumor-suppressive function that is independent of its well-established role in cell-cycle regulation , apoptosis , and senescence .	42	51	5	4	511	8	81
The activation of cholinergic receptors by carbachol ( 10⁻⁹M ) increased cell proliferation ( P<0.001 ) .	9	93
Here , we investigate the role of muscarinic receptors in SCA-9 cell proliferation , and the modulation of cholinergic signaling pathways exerted by the nuclear transcription factor κB ( NF-κB ) .	
Whereas p53 controls DNA damage and IEC survival during the initiation stage , loss of p53 during tumor progression is associated with increased intestinal permeability , causing formation of an NF-κB-dependent inflammatory microenvironment and the induction of epithelial-mesenchymal transition .	11	1	a2	a
It is proposed that the non neuronal cholinergic system : acethylcholine , the enzymes that synthesize and degrade it , and the nicotinic and muscarinic receptors , play a key role in tumorigenesis .	
The dynamic nature of ubiquitylation events is important for governing protein stability , maintaining ubiquitin homeostasis and controlling ubiquitin-dependent signalling pathways .	
The human genome encodes active deubiquitylating enzymes ( DUBs , also referred to as deubiquitinases ) , which exhibit distinct specificity profiles towards the various ubiquitin chain topologies .	
Ubiquitylation is a reversible post-translational modification that has emerged as a key regulator of most complex cellular processes .	
It may rival phosphorylation in scope and exceed it in complexity .	
We highlight two key signalling pathways--the Wnt and transforming growth factor \u03b2 ( TGF-\u03b2 ) pathways , for which dynamic ubiquitylation has emerged as a key regulator .	
We also discuss the roles of DUBs in the nucleus , where they govern transcriptional activity and DNA repair pathways .	
As a result of their ability to reverse ubiquitylation , these enzymes control a broad range of key cellular processes .	
In this Commentary we discuss the cellular functions of DUBs , such as their role in governing membrane traffic and protein quality control .	
Interactions between PLC/NOS/arginases and PLA₂/COX pathways via its metabolites were detected .	
Also , phospholipase A₂ ( PLA₂)/cyclooxygenase ( COX ) pathway is up-regulated in carbachol-induced SCA-9 cell proliferation , because prostaglandin E₂ liberation ( P<0.001 ) is increased and COX-1 expression is turned up ( P<0.001 ) .	
VIP increased adhesion but decreased expression of metalloproteinases , MMP2 and MMP9 , as well as cell migration and VEGF expression and secretion in A498 but not in HK2 cells .	11	7	711	1	71
We investigated VIP effects on metastatic and angiogenic factors in human VHL-null A498 ccRCC and HK2 renal cells .	
A common genetic mutation found in ccRCC is the loss of the von Hippel-Lindau ( VHL ) gene , which contributes to cancer progression and metastasis .	
Molecular mechanisms involved in progression of clear-cell renal-cell carcinomas ( ccRCCs ) are poorly understood .	
Phospholipase C ( PLC)/nitric oxide synthase ( NOS)/arginase pathway is involved in this effect , since carbachol stimulated nitric oxide production , increased NOS2 and NOS3 expressions , urea production , and arginase II expression ( P<0.001 ) .	
VIP effects in A498 cells were blocked by the VPAC(1/2)-receptor antagonist JV-1-53 .	
VIP enhanced ROS levels and decreased nuclear levels of β-catenin and NFκB p50-subunit in A498 cells , suggesting neuropeptide involvement in the observed decrease of metastatic ability in clear-cell carcinoma .	a21	12	1	a2	a
This was prevented by preincubating cells with the muscarinic antagonist atropine but not by mecamylamine , a nicotinic receptor blocker .	
However , only Atlantic salmon fabp7bII , like its counterpart in northern pike and zebrafish , was expressed in the liver .	
Here , we used a combination of different techniques to investigate the breakpoint structure and the functional consequences of a complex rearrangement fixed in Drosophila buzzatii and comprising two tandemly arranged inversions sharing the middle breakpoint : 2m and 2n .	
By comparing the sequence in the breakpoint regions between D. buzzatii ( inverted chromosome ) and D. mojavensis ( noninverted chromosome ) , we corroborate the breakpoint reuse at the molecular level and infer that inversion 2m was associated with a duplication of a kb segment and likely generated by staggered breaks plus repair by nonhomologous end joining .	
Chromosomal inversions are usually portrayed as simple two-breakpoint rearrangements changing gene order but not gene number or structure .	
However , increasing evidence suggests that inversion breakpoints may often have a complex structure and entail gene duplications with potential functional consequences .	
As a consequence of all these different rearrangements , CG5079 has been lost from the genome , CG5071 is now a single copy nonnested gene , and CG4673 has a transcript kb shorter and seems to have acquired a more complex gene regulation .	
Our results illustrate the complex effects of chromosomal rearrangements and highlight the need of complementing genomic approaches with detailed sequence-level and functional analyses of breakpoint regions if we are to fully understand genome structure , function , and evolutionary dynamics .	
The duplicated segment contained the gene CG4673 , involved in nuclear transport , and its two nested genes CG5071 and CG5079 .	
Interestingly , we found that other than the inversion and the associated duplication , both breakpoints suffered additional rearrangements , that is , the proximal breakpoint experienced a microinversion event associated at both ends with a 121-bp long duplication that contains a promoter .	
We identified two overlapping SRC-1 peptides that interact with AR , but not with progesterone receptor .	9	93
These peptides reduce AR and AR variant AR-V7 dependent induction of an AR responsive reporter .	
Using mammalian two hybrid assays , we found that the peptides interrupt the AR/SRC-1 , AR/SRC-2 and AR N/C interactions , but not SRC-1/CARM-1 interactions .	
SCA-9 cells exhibit a constitutive activation of NF-κB , which regulates carbachol-induced NOS2 and 3 , arginase II and COX-1 expressions .	
While intricate , the reciprocal partnership between HBP1 and DNMT1 has exceptional importance , since its abrogation compromises senescence and promotes tumorigenesis .	42	4
Together , our results suggest that the HBP1 transcription factor orchestrates a complex regulation of key genes during cellular senescence with an impact on overall DNA methylation state .	42	4
This highlights need to develop therapies that target regions other than the HBD .	
Furthermore , FUT1 siRNA downregulated the total amount of HER2 protein , phosphorylation of HER2 and EGFR , and phosphorylation of extracellular signal-regulated kinase ( ERK ) in this cell line .	921	93	9	92
The HBP1-mediated repression by DNMT1 contributed to replicative and premature senescence , the latter of which could be induced by Ras and HBP1 itself .	42	4
A detailed investigation unexpectedly revealed that HBP1 has dual and complex transcriptional functions-both of which contribute to premature senescence .	42	4
HBP1 both repressed the DNMT1 gene and activated the p16 gene in premature senescence .	42	4
The opposite transcriptional functions proceeded through different DNA sequences and differential protein acetylation .	
The activity of DNA methyltransferase 1 ( DNMT1 ) is associated with diverse biological activities , including cell proliferation , senescence and cancer development .	
Here , we demonstrated that the HMG box-containing protein 1 ( HBP1 ) transcription factor is a new repressor of DNMT1 in a complex mechanism during senescence .	
The DNMT1 gene contains an HBP1-binding site at position -115 to -134bp from the transcriptional start site .	
HBP1 repressed the endogenous DNMT1 gene through sequence-specific binding , resulting in both gene-specific ( e.g. p16(INK4) ) and global DNA hypomethylation changes .	
In this study , we investigated the inhibitory effects of guggulsterone isomers ( cis or trans ) on 12-O-tetradecanoylpho-bol-13-acetate ( TPA)-induced MMP-9 expression .	
A comparison of upstream of Atlantic salmon fabp7b gene duplicates revealed an insertion of 62bp in fabp7bI relative to fabp7bII .	
The strongly-positive mAChR M3 expression rate in hilar cholangiocarcinoma ( 50% , 14/28 ) was higher than that in cholangiocarcinomas from the middle and lower common bile duct ( 25% , 3/12 ) ( X2=2.148 , P<0.05 ) .	
Cholangiocarcinomas with distant metastasis had a strongly-positive expression rate ( 75% , 9/12 ) , which was much higher than those without distant metastasis ( 29% , 8/28 ) ( X2=7.410 , P<0.01 ) .	1	12
METHODS Streptavidin-biotin complex immunohistochemistry was carried out to assess the expression of mAChR M3 in surgical specimens of cholangiocarcinomas ( 40 cases ) and normal bile duct tissues ( 9 ) , as well as to investigate nerve infiltration .	
The cholangiocarcinoma cells were treated with different concentrations of selective M-receptor agonist pilocarpine and M-receptor blocker atropine sulfate to induce changes in cell proliferation .	
The experimental data were analyzed by the Chi-square test .	
RESULTS The strongly-positive expression rate of mAChR M3 was much higher in poorly-differentiated ( 69% , 9/13 ) than in well- and moderately-differentiated cholangiocarcinomas ( 30% , 8/27 ) ( X2=5.631 , P<0.05 ) .	
BACKGROUND Cholangiocarcinoma , a type of malignant tumor , originates from epithelial cells of the bile duct .	
Perineural invasion is common path for cholangiocarcinoma metastasis , and it is highly correlated with postoperative recurrence and poor prognosis .	
It has been reported that muscarinic acetylcholine receptor M3 ( mAChR M3 ) is widely expressed in digestive tract cancer , and may play an important role in the proliferation , differentiation , transformation and carcinogenesis of tumors .	
This study was to explore the effect of mAChR M3 on the growth of cholangiocarcinoma cells in vitro and provide a new approach to the pathogenesis and treatment of cholangiocarcinoma .	
Sensitivity of GP73 was lower than AFP ( 45% ( 36/80 ) vs. 65% ( 52/80 ) ; X2 = 8.02 , P less than 0.05 ) .	
Specificity of GP73 was lower than AFP but no significance was found ( 83.1% ( 54/65 ) vs. 87.7% ( 57/65 ) ; X2=0.27 , P more than 0.05 ) .	
RESULTS The PHC group showed significantly higher serum GP73 ( 282.0 mug/L ) than the liver cirrhosis group ( 211.8 mug/L ) and control group ( 58.3 mug/L ) ( H = 93.30 , P less than 0.01 ) .	
For differential diagnosis of PHC and liver cirrhosis , the cut-off value was 318.1 mug/L for GP73 and 13.4 mug/L for AFP .	
Sensitivity and specificity were compared by the Chi-squared test .	
Correlation between serum GP73 expression and clinical parameters was determined by Spearman's rank correlation analysis .	
Inter-group changes were assessed by Kruskal-Wallis test , and significance of these differences was assessed by Mann- Whitney test .	
A receiver operating characteristic ( ROC ) curve was plotted to evaluate the diagnostic efficiency and determine the cut-off values for GP73 and AFP .	
OBJECTIVE To investigate the expression profiles of serum Golgi protein-73 ( GP73 ) in liver cirrhosis and primary hepatic carcinoma ( PHC ) and determine its clinical value for differential diagnosis .	
METHODS Serum protein expressions of GP73 and alpha-fetoprotein ( AFP ) were detected by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay and chemiluminescence assay , respectively , in patients with PHC ( n=80 ) , liver cirrhosis ( n=65 ) , and healthy controls ( n=50 ) .	
CONCLUSION A malignant astrocytoma intracerebral xenograft model with poorly invasive behavior was achieved in athymic Rowett rats .	
RESULTS All four injected animals developed non-infiltrative tumors , although other glioblastoma characteristics , such as necrosis , pseudopalisading cells and intense mitotic activity , were observed .	83	8
Muir-Torre syndrome ( MTS ) , a phenotypic variant of the more common hereditary nonpolyposis colorectal cancer syndrome , or Lynch syndrome , is an autosomal dominantly inherited condition that combines at least one cutaneous sebaceous neoplasm and at least one visceral malignancy .	
Most patients ( with MTS carry mutations in the MSH2 gene ; less than 10% of the cases are associated with a mutation MLH1 gene , and only 3 MTS patients with a pathogenic MSH6 mutation have been previously documented .	
We report a family affected with MTS in which 3 members ( father and 2 sons ) were found to harbor a missense mutation c.2633T>C ( p.V878A ) in exon 4 of the MSH6 gene .	
Tumor invasiveness in an experimental animal model may depend on a combination of several factors , including the cell line used to induce tumor formation , the rat strains and the status of the animal's immune system .	
Despite advances in the treatment of gliomas , no effective therapeutic approach is yet available ; hence , the search for a more realistic model to generate more effective therapies is essential .	
INTRODUCTION Astrocytic gliomas are the most common intracranial central nervous system neoplasias , accounting for about 60% of all primary central nervous system tumors .	
In glycolysis-dominant cells , oligomycin does not induce much energy stress as measured by glycolysis acceleration , ATP imbalance , AMPK activation , AMPK substrate acetyl-CoA carboxylase phosphorylation at Ser(79) , and cell growth inhibition .	31	3
Although 16 \u03bcM RAD001 weakly activated Chk1 and Chk2 , it suppressed strong vincristine-induced activation of these cell cycle checkpoint regulators .	
OBJECTIVE To develop an experimental malignant astrocytoma model with the characteristics of the human tumor .	
In addition , we found that PARP inhibition strongly enhanced the response of the most resistant EC cells to cisplatin , by reducing their ability to overcome the damage .	
This study provides the first comprehensive overview of the genetics that underlies the inherited Cbl malabsorption phenotype .	
Early diagnosis improves the lifelong care required by these patients and prevents potential neurological long-term complications .	
We excluded six other candidate genes as culprits and concluded that additional genes might be involved .	
We found 26 undescribed mutations in CUBN , 19 in AMN , and 7 in GIF for a total of 52 novel defects described herein .	
Fifty-three of 126 cases ( 42% ) were mutated in CUBN , 45/126 ( 36% ) were mutated in AMN , and 28/126 ( 22% ) had mutations in GIF .	
We identified mutations in 126/154 unrelated cases ( 82% ) .	
These results will facilitate clinical and molecular genetic testing of Cbl malabsorption .	
Consequently , targeted genetic testing has become feasible if ethnic ancestry is considered .	
However , our results indicate that population-specific founder mutations are quite common .	
CONCLUSIONS Cbl malabsorption is found worldwide and genetically complex .	
We conclude that RAD001 enhances chemosensitivity at least in part through suppression of cell cycle checkpoint regulation in response to vincristine and increased progression from G2 into mitosis .	
These variations could be diet-related , since there are several carcinogenic compounds in the modern diet , while natural products contain various anti-cancer elements .	
RESULTS This cell line has been growing well for 232 months and subcultured more than 50 times .	
Monolayer cultured cells were polygonal in shape , showing a pavement-like arrangement and a tendency to stack without contact inhibition .	5	52
CONCLUSIONS SDH mutation associated renal cell carcinoma can be an aggressive type of kidney cancer , especially in younger individuals .	63	6
Although detection and management of early tumors is most often associated with a good outcome , based on our initial experience with these patients and our long-term experience with hereditary leiomyomatosis and renal cell carcinoma , we recommend careful surveillance of patients at risk for SDH mutation associated renal cell carcinoma and wide surgical excision of renal tumors .	
Due to the scarcity of information , the establishment of an ovarian malignant tumor cell line with distinctive characteristics is particularly important to study this disease .	
Thus , this study was undertaken to establish and characterize a new human endometrioid adenocarcinoma cell line of the ovary .	
UNLABELLED BACKGROUND Cell lines are very useful for clinical and basic research .	
Thus far , only 11 reports have documented the characteristics of ovarian endometrioid adenocarcinoma cell lines in the literature .	
MATERIALS AND METHODS Patients with suspected hereditary kidney cancer were enrolled on a National Cancer Institute institutional review board approved protocol to study inherited forms of kidney cancer .	
Individuals from families with germline SDHB , SDHC and SDHD mutations , and kidney cancer underwent comprehensive clinical and genetic evaluation .	
PURPOSE Recently , a new renal cell cancer syndrome has been linked to germline mutation of multiple subunits ( SDHB/C/D ) of the Krebs cycle enzyme , succinate dehydrogenase .	
We report our experience with the diagnosis , evaluation and treatment of this novel form of hereditary kidney cancer .	
An additional family with 6 individuals found to have clear cell renal cell cancer that presented at a young average age ( 47 years , range 40 to 53 ) was identified with a germline SDHC mutation ( R133X ) Metastatic disease developed in 2 of these family members .	63	6
A patient with a history of carotid body paragangliomas and an aggressive form of kidney cancer was evaluated from a family with a germline SDHD mutation .	63	6
RESULTS A total of 14 patients from 12 SDHB mutation families were evaluated .	
Patients presented with renal cell cancer at an early age ( 33 years , range 15 to 62 ) , metastatic kidney cancer developed in 4 and some families had no manifestation other than kidney tumors .	1	12
Peritumoral lymphatic vessel density and peritumoral lymphatic vessel were clearly associated with the lymph node metastasis ( P = 0.001 and P = 0.002 , respectively ) and lymphovascular space invasion ( P = 0.024 and P = 0.01 , respectively ) .	1	7	71
METHODS Plasma levels of IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 of 44 cervical cancer patients , 82 CIN patients and 40 neoplasm-free patients were investigated .	
Snail is a transcription factor that mediates EMT in a number of tumor types , including colorectal cancer ( CRC ) .	
Our study was done to determine the role of Snail in mediating EMT and CSC function in CRC .	
Human CRC specimens were stained for Snail expression , and human CRC cell lines were transduced with a retroviral Snail construct or vector control .	
Cell proliferation and chemosensitivity to oxaliplatin of the infected cells were determined by the MTT ( colorimetric 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide ) assay .	
Migration and invasion were determined in vitro using modified Boyden chamber assays .	
Liver cell regeneration was also noted in adjacent liver tissue .	
In contrast , intracellular calcium , ERK1/2 , protein kinase A , and PI3 kinase were not involved .	921	92	9
This novel signaling mechanism might be of importance for regulation of CREB-dependent gene expression in human cancer expressing functional hGRP-R .	
The G protein-coupled human gastrin-releasing peptide receptor ( hGRP-R ) is frequently found aberrantly expressed in human cancers of the colon , stomach , and lung , and its ligand-specific activation has been implicated in cell proliferation and differentiation .	
Here , we demonstrated hGRP-R activation stimulated sustained cyclic AMP response element binding protein ( CREB ) phosphorylation and transactivation in duodenal cancer cells through a protein kinase C and partially p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase-dependent pathway .	921	92	9
The advantages of regional infusion of MISO following hepatic-arterial embolisation are : ( 1 ) Selectivity increased radiosensitivity of liver cancer alongside very low drug concentration in the plasma .	
A key factor in both autophagosome formation and autophagosome maturation is a protein encoded by the ultraviolet irradiation resistance-associated gene ( UVRAG ) .	
Then the associations of the plasma levels of IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 with cervical neoplasm or its clinicopathologic parameters were analyzed .	
The purpose of this study was to generate a selective radiosensitising effect by the intra-hepatic-arterial infusion of misonidazole ( MISO ) .	
MISO ( 10 mg ) was infused after transcatheter hepatic-arterial embolisation into the livers of rabbits bearing VX2 liver cancer .	
This procedure was followed by 15 Gy electron irradiation .	
Trp and Kyn levels were measured by high-performance liquid chromatography ( HPLC ) .	
Achaete-scute complex homolog-1 ( Ascl1 ) is a member of the basic helix-loop-helix ( bHLH ) transcription factor family that has multiple functions in the normal and neoplastic lung such as the regulation of neuroendocrine differentiation , prevention of apoptosis and promotion of tumor-initiating cells .	
Evaluation of tumour volume and histological examination was carried out on the 7th day after treatment .	
These results suggest that PPARgamma can augment TNF-family-induced apoptosis .	8	81
However , 15d-PGJ2 facilitated Fas-mediated HCC apoptosis that could not be induced by Fas alone .	8	81
This apoptosis induction by PPARgamma is increased by co-stimulation with tumor necrosis factor ( TNF)-alpha-related apoptosis-inducing ligand ( TRAIL ) , a member of the TNF family .	
Proliferator-activated receptor gamma ( PPARgamma ) is a nuclear receptor , which mainly associates with adipogenesis , but also appears to facilitate cell differentiation or apoptosis in certain malignant cells .	
PPARgamma was expressed on all seven HCC cell lines and located in their nuclei. 15-Deoxy-Delta-12,14-prostaglandin J2 ( 15d- PGJ2 ) , a PPARgamma ligand , inhibited cellular proliferation in HepG2 , SK-Hep1 or HLE cells , unlike pioglitazone , another PPARgamma ligand , which did not have a significant influence on proliferation of these cells .	
In this study , we investigated the effect of PPARgamma on Fas-mediated apoptosis in hepatocellular carcinoma ( HCC ) cell lines .	
Antibody phospho-kinase array analysis revealed that dasatinib inhibited the phosphorylation of various kinases , including ERK1/2 and p38/MAPK as well as of STAT3 transcription factors , in both p53(wild-type) and p53(mutated) cells .	9	92
The serum IDO levels of postoperative breast cancer patients with a high number of bone metastases were lower than those of patients with a single metastasis lesion .	1	12
It can arrest cell cycle in S and G(2)/M phases and induce the apoptosis of EC 9706 cells. hTERT is localized in both nucleus and mitochondria,and can be partially translocated from nucleus to mitochondria during the bufalin-induced apoptosis .	
In vivo , semitherapeutic administration of EC144 blocked disease development in rat collagen-induced arthritis by suppressing the inflammatory response .	
Therefore , dasatinib might offer a novel therapeutic strategy not only for p53(wild-type) , but also for p53(mutated) B malignancies that have the worst prognosis and urgently need innovative therapeutic approaches .	
Medullary thyroid carcinoma was found in 91.2% of patients ( 437/479 ) , pheochromocytoma in 45.6% ( 212/465 ) , and primary hyperparathyroidism in 8.1% ( 37/457 ) .	
The altered expression of these genes maybe associated with cellular proliferation or differentiation and the early stages of oral carcinogenesis .	
Northern blot analysis showed elevated levels of p55CDC in the immortalized cells , while NHOK showed high basal expression of small proline rich protein ( SPRR2 ) .	4	41
We evaluated the clinical significance of indoleamine 2 , 3-dioxygenase ( IDO ) expression in breast cancer patients with bone metastasis .	
Therefore , genes with altered expression in the preneoplasia may be useful for the early detection of this highly recurrent cancer .	
The early stages of head and neck cancer are presumed to require a senes of genetic alterations that are not represented by a distinct clinical phenotype .	
Using the Affymetrix gene chip ( U95Av2 ) , we identified 177 known genes and EST that were overexpressed at least 3-fold or above in the immortalized cells , while 133 were down-regulated compared to NHOK .	4	41
In this study , we immortalized normal human oral keratinocytes ( NHOK ) by retroviral-mediated infection of HPV 16 transforming oncogenes , E6 and E7 ( HOK16E6E7 ) .	
Biochemically , the HPV16 E6 protein has been shown to bind to tumor suppressor protein p53 in vitro and induce its degradation in a rabbit reticulocyte lysate .	
To examine the relationship between the various biological activities of E6 and inactivation of p53 , we tested the abilities of dominant negative mutants of p53 to substitute functionally for E6 in the three cell culture assays .	
Human papillomavirus type 16 ( HPV16 ) E6 and E7 are selectively retained and expressed in HPV16-associated human genital tumors .	
E6 is active in several cell culture assays , including transformation of NIH 3T3 cells , trans activation of the adenovirus E2 promoter , and cooperation with E7 to immortalize normal human keratinocytes .	
These results suggest that inactivation of wild-type p53 is necessary for HPV-induced immortalization of human keratinocytes and that different or additional activities are required for E6-dependent transformation and trans activation of NIH 3T3 cells .	4	41
Welders showed a significant increase in micronucleated cells compared to controls with respect to their smoking habits and alcohol consumption , age and years of exposure ( P<0.05 ) .	
While wild-type p53 inhibited keratinocyte proliferation , both mouse and human mutant p53s , in conjunction with E7 , increased proliferation of the keratinocytes , resulting in generation of immortalized lines .	4	41
The current study suggested that chronic occupational exposure to Cr ( VI ) during welding could lead to increased levels of DNA damage and repair inhibition .	61	62	6
When combined with vincristine , 16 \u03bcM RAD001 reduced the vincristine-induced accumulation of cells in mitosis , probably as a result of increased death in this population .	
Lovastatin treatment impaired mitochondrial function and also decreased cellular ADP/ATP ratios , common triggers of LKB1/AMPK activation .	
IDO activity can be measured by the tryptophan(Trp)/kynurenine(Kyn) ratio .	
We also examined the role of Ascl1 in NNK-induced lung tumorigenesis in vivo .	
We found that pterostilbene at the IC90 concentration of 44 �M inhibited proliferation and induced apoptosis in MOLT4 human leukemia cells .	8	81
Pterostilbene , a polyphenolic compound present in grapes and other fruits , has been demonstrated to inhibit growth and induce apoptosis and autophagy in some cancer cell types .	
Pterostilbene-induced apoptotic death of MOLT4 cells was mediated by caspase-3 activation and was accompanied by the disruption of mitochondrial membrane potential , phosphatidylserine externalization and internucleosomal DNA fragmentation .	8	81
Treatment with pterostilbene resulted in a transient accumulation of cells in the G0/G1-cell cycle phase followed by the S-phase arrest .	9	51	511	5	91
Our results suggest that pterostilbene could serve as a potential additional chemotherapeutic agent for the treatment of leukemia .	
More than 50% of adults and of children with pre-B acute lymphoblastic leukemia ( ALL ) relapse following treatment .	
In LKB1 deficient ( A549 , HeLa ) and expressing ( SCC9 , SCC25 ) cell lines , metformin enhanced gefitinib cytotoxicity only in LKB1 expressing cell lines while both groups showed synergistic cytotoxic effects with lovastatin treatments .	
The yeast Sir2 protein mediates chromatin silencing through an intrinsic NAD-dependent histone deacetylase activity .	
Sir2 is a conserved protein and was recently shown to regulate lifespan extension both in budding yeast and worms .	
Significantly , complete tumor suppression was obtained by co-injecting TNF-alpha expressing stromal fibroblasts with human breast cancer cells , indicating that paracrine cell-mediated delivery of TNF-alpha can also prevent tumor engraftment and growth ( 0 tumors/10 injections ) .	
Similarly , TNF-alpha-overexpressing fibroblasts were also viable , without any increases in apoptosis .	8	81
Hence , we identify a novel pathway in which suspension-activated PERK promotes the activation of LKB1 , AMPK and TSC2 , leading to the rapid induction of detachment-induced autophagy .	82	8
We propose that increased autophagy , secondary to persistent PERK and LKB1-AMPK signaling , can robustly protect cells from anoikis and promote luminal filling during early carcinoma progression.Oncogene advance online publication , 19 November 2012 ; doi:10.1038/onc.2012.512 .	
Dismal outcomes for patients with relapsed or refractory disease mandate novel approaches to therapy .	
ECM-detached mammary epithelial cells are able to rapidly activate autophagy allowing for survival and an opportunity for re-attachment .	
However , the mechanisms controlling detachment-induced autophagy remain unclear .	
Of clinical relevance , lovastatin induces synergistic cytotoxicity in combination with the EGFR inhibitor gefitinib .	9	93
ECM detachment induces metabolic stress and programmed cell death via anoikis .	
Importantly , this pathway shows fast kinetics , is transcription-independent and is exclusively activated during ECM detachment , but not by canonical endoplasmic reticulum stressors .	
Moreover , enforced PERK or AMPK activation upregulates autophagy and causes luminal filling during acinar morphogenesis by perpetuating a population of surviving autophagic luminal cells that resist anoikis .	82	8
Here we uncover that the kinase PERK rapidly promotes autophagy in ECM-detached cells by activating AMP-activated protein kinase ( AMPK ) , resulting in downstream inhibition of mTORC1-p70(S6K) signaling .	82	8
LKB1 and TSC2 , but not TSC1 , are required for PERK-mediated inhibition of mammalian target of rapamycinin MCF10A cells and mouse embryo fibroblast cells .	
To study the mechanisms of the ERβ-mediated G2 cell cycle arrest , we investigated its effects on the regulatory pathways responsible for the G2/M phase transition .	
However , the incision capacity came to a plateau at a concentration of 80 to 100 microM or after an incubation time of 90 to 120 minutes .	
When the cells were pulsed with 40 microM BCNU , the maximal incision occurred at the end of the incubation period , and the repair process was completed within 4 hours When cells were treated with 100 microM BCNU , the incised DNA was not rejoined at 4 hours , suggesting that the repair was not completed .	
Higher concentrations might surpass the cellular capacity for repair and would be associated with increased cell death .	8	62	6
Evaluation of the repair process may provide a clue for therapeutic strategies to improve clinical efficacy if accelerated DNA repair is responsible for the drug resistance .	62	6
The capacity to repair DNA damage is an important factor that affects the therapeutic outcome in cancer treatment .	
To clarify the cellular repair response , we investigated the kinetics of DNA excision repair initiated by 1,3-bis(2-chloroethyl)-1-nitrosourea ( BCNU ) in human leukemia CCRF-CEM cells at an exponential growth phase in vitro .	
Using the alkaline single-cell gel electrophoresis ( comet ) assay , we quantitated the repair kinetics as the amount of DNA single-strand breaks that were generated from the incision and were diminished by the rejoining in the repair process .	
CEM cells could initiate DNA excision repair in response to BCNU by starting an incision reaction .	62	6
In recent studies , we demonstrated the ability of lovastatin , an inhibitor of mevalonate synthesis , to induce the Integrated Stress Response as well as inhibiting epidermal growth factor receptor ( EGFR ) activation .	
In addition , IDO activity increased in the cases in which the number of metastatic lesions to the bone increased .	1	12
Plasma iron levels were significantly elevated in AD .	
We previously demonstrated that ERβ causes a ligand independent G2 cell cycle arrest in MCF-7 cells .	
Taken together , these data suggest that ANXA2 overexpression is important to maintain the malignancy of cancer cells , and this member of the annexin family has potential to be considered as a target for the gene therapy of gastric carcinoma .	
The data obtained indicated that oxidative stress enhancement and immune response impairment may be necessary to ensure cancer progression to advanced stages and may result from both host and tumor inflammatory mediators .	
At the same time , ANXA2 deletion resulted in fewer pseudopodia/filopodia , non-stained areas were increased , contact inhibition among cells reappeared , and expression of F-actin and β-tubulin was decreased , with induction of polymerized disassembled forms .	5	52
CRP levels and ferritin were increased in both stages of disease .	
Leukocytes burst impairment was observed in both the groups .	
These results postulate that gamma irradiation induces the polarized-Th2 response and interferes with STAT1 signals , thereby causing the immunosuppression of the Th1 response .	2	22
Furthermore , we detected the inhibition of cell-mediated immunity by gamma irradiation in the allogenic-mixed lymphocytes ' reaction ( MLR ) .	
In contrast , the mRNA levels of IL-5 and transcription factor GATA-3 were slightly induced by gamma irradiation when compared to the non-irradiated sample .	
The inhibition of the STAT1 phosphorylation and the IRF-1 expression by gamma irradiation was also observed .	
We show here that gamma irradiation reduces the IFN-gamma mRNA expression .	
The phosphorylated STAT1 translocates to the nucleus , where it turns on specific sets of IFN-gamma-inducible genes , such as the interferon regulatory factor ( IRF)-1 .	
The signal transducer and activator of transcription ( STAT)1 is a cytoplasmic-transcription factor that is phosphorylated by Janus kinases ( Jak ) in response to interferon gamma(IFN-gamma) .	
ED patients presented a Th2 immune pattern , while AD exhibited Th1 status .	
IL-20 stimulated the recruitment of p65 to the MMP-9 promoter region .	
Direct UVB damage to skin cell DNA as well as UV-induced chronic skin inflammation , accelerated keratinocyte proliferation , inhibited apoptosis , and immunosuppression seem to underlie the UV-induced carcinogenesis .	
Excessive exposure to solar UVA and UVB radiation is widely considered to cause skin cancers such as squamous cell carcinoma and basalioma .	
Here , the effects of several glycosylated and non-glycosylated plant polyphenols ( verbascoside , resveratrol , polydatin , rutin , and quercetin ) on the inflammatory , apoptotic , metabolic , and proliferative responses of cultured human epidermal keratinocytes ( HEK ) to non-cytotoxic doses of solar-simulated UVA+UVB and chemical mediators of UV signalling in HEK , 6-formylindolo[3,2-b]carbazole and squalene isolated from photo-oxidized skin surface lipids ( SSL ) , were evaluated .	
Also , UVB induces cytochrome P450 subfamilies ( CYP1A1 and CYP1B1 ) involved in metabolic activation of organic pro-carcinogens and their conversion to ultimate carcinogens .	
When SSL were exposed to UV , the stilbenes and quercetin remarkably accelerated photo-oxidation of alpha-tocopherol , squalene , and cholesterol fractions , whilst verbascoside protected them .	
We showed that the stilbenes and quercetin being exposed to UV were photo-destroyed within a short period of time , while verbascoside and rutin were photo-stable .	
By contrast , the stilbenes inhibited UV-connected inflammatory cytokines excluding IL-8 , but they prevalently stimulated NFkappaB , EGFR nuclear translocation and the AhR-CYP pathway .	a	93	a2	9
Verbascoside invariably inhibited molecular pathways in HEK leading to inflammatory cytokine expression ( NFkappaB and EGFR/ERK phosphorylation ) , and cell proliferation ( EGFR nuclear translocation ) , and displayed a stimulus-specific effect on the metabolic axis aryl hydrocarbon receptor ( AhR)-CYP1A1/CYP1B1 .	a	93	a2	9
Most important , we found that pol \u03b2 not only bypassed one part of the large template hairpin but also managed to pass through almost the entire length of small hairpin .	
We conclude that , among the PPs investigated , verbascoside does interfere with multiple UV-sensitive signalling in HEK in a way that it could have a major impact on skin cancer chemoprevention .	
Recent studies have pointed to a linkage between oxidative DNA damage , base excision repair ( BER ) and TNR expansion , which is demonstrated by the observation that DNA polymerase \u03b2 ( pol \u03b2 ) gap-filling synthesis acts in concert with alternate flap cleavage by flap endonuclease 1 ( FEN1 ) to mediate CAG repeat expansions .	
Trinucleotide repeat ( TNR ) expansions and deletions are associated with human neurodegenerative diseases and prostate cancer .	
Our results provide new insight into the role of BER in modulating genome stability that is associated with human diseases .	62	6
The unique hairpin bypass of pol \u03b2 resulted in large and small deletions in coordination with FEN1 alternate flap cleavage .	
Generally , the comparison of NOK from 2 individuals indicated relatively similar transcript levels of these enzymes .	
Overall , the expression analysis demonstrated presence of mRNA for multiple enzymes involved in foreign compound metabolism and detoxification pathways , including several enzymes not previously reported for oral epithelium .	
Some transcripts , e.g. , CYP 2A6/7 , were not detected by either standard , non quantitative RT-PCR or the above methods , whereas others were barely quantifiable by StaRT-PCR , i.e. , were present at 1-10 molecules/10(6) molecules of actin .	
In contrast , SVpgC2a exhibited comparatively higher levels of CYP1A1 , 1B1 , aryl hydrocarbon receptor , glutathione S-transferase M1 , 2 , 4 , 5 , glutathione S-transferase theta 1 and superoxide dismutase 2 and comparatively lower levels of UDP glycosyltransferase 2 and microsomal glutathione S-transferase 1 .	
The cell types expressed similar levels of CYP 2B6/7 , CYP 2E1 , P450 oxidoreductase , the aryl hydrocarbon receptor nuclear translocator , sulfotransferase 1A1 , sulfotransferase 1A3 , epoxide hydrolase , glutathione S-transferase M3 , glutathione S-transferase pi and catalase , superoxide dismutase 1 , glutathione peroxidase 1 and glutathione peroxidase 3 .	
With good agreement between the 2 methodologies , NOK and SVpgC2a were found to express transcripts for cytochrome P450 enzymes ( CYPs ) , factors related to CYP induction and enzymes involved in conjugation reactions or detoxification of reactive oxygen .	
We used standardized and quantitative , reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction ( StaRT-PCR ) and microarray chip techniques to analyze transcript levels of multiple detoxification enzymes in cultured normal human oral keratinocytes ( NOK ) and the Siman virus 40 T antigen-immortalized oral keratinocyte line SVpgC2a , viewing the latter as a model of a benign tumor state .	
The metabolic detoxification capacity may critically regulate the susceptibility of human tissues to cancer development .	
The role of estrogen receptor beta ( ERβ ) in breast cancer is unclear .	
In contrast , differences between NOK and SVpgC2a , e.g. , for CYP1B1 , may reflect alteration caused by immortalization and aid identification of early stage tumor markers in oral epithelium .	4	41
Restriction analysis and sequencing of mutant DNA showed that cisplatin was able to induce both large deletions and point mutations .	63	6
Such knowledge , combined with known remaining sensitivity to other FLT3 TKI , will be important to establish as secondary drug treatments that can be substituted when these mutants are encountered .	
These results indicate a growing number of FLT3 mutations that are likely to be encountered in patients .	63	6
Balb/c mice transplanted with the FLT3/ITD Y842C mutation confirmed resistance to sorafenib in vivo but not to lestaurtinib .	
Western blotting confirmed that some FLT3 TKI were ineffective at inhibiting FLT3 autophosphorylation and signaling through MAP kinase , STAT5 and AKT in some mutants .	921	92	9
We identified F621L , A627P , F691L and Y842C mutations in FLT3/ITD that confer varying levels of resistance to FLT3 TKI .	63	6
In an effort to predict FLT3 resistance mutations that might develop in patients , we used saturation mutagenesis of FLT3/ITD followed by selection of transfected cells in FLT3 TKI .	
The development of FLT3 tyrosine kinase inhibitors ( TKI ) is a promising strategy , but resistance that arises during the course of treatment caused by secondary mutations within the mutated gene itself poses a significant challenge .	
FMS-like tyrosine kinase 3 ( FLT3 ) normally functions in the survival/proliferation of hematopoietic stem/progenitor cells , but its constitutive activation by internal tandem duplication ( ITD ) mutations correlates with a poor prognosis in AML .	
Luteolin ( 5-50 μmol/L ) suppressed the hypoxia-induced changes in the cells in a dose-dependent manner .	
RESULTS Hypoxia changed the morphology of B16F10 cells in vitro from the cobblestone-like to mesenchymal-like strips , which was accompanied by increased cellular adhesion and invasion .	11	1
Oxidative stress proved to inhibit cell division and to induce apoptosis .	a21	a2	a	8	81
RESULTS Allelic frequencies in wild type of OGG1 Exon 7 C>G were 73% ( C ) ; XPC PAT D>I 75% ( D ) ; and XPC Exon 15 A>C 60.71.9% A. On the other hand , the variant allele frequency were 27% ( G ) in OGG1 Exon 7 C>G ; 25% ( I ) in XPC PAT ; and 28.1% ( C ) in XPC Exon 15 A>C .	
METHODS Genotyping was achieved by PCR-based analysis in 224 normal healthy , unrelated individuals of similar ethnicity .	
CONCLUSIONS Our results suggest that frequency distribution in these DNA repair genes exhibited a distinctive pattern in our population which could be attributed to ethnic variation .	62	6
Major differences from other ethnic populations were observed .	
Base excision repair ( BER ) , and nucleotide excision repair ( NER ) are the main DNA repair pathways .	
BACKGROUND Polymorphisms in DNA repair genes are associated with ability to remove DNA lesions , and therefore may contribute to an individual's susceptibility to different types of cancer .	
OGG1 Exon 7 ( C1245G ) , XPC Intron 9 ( PAT ) , and Exon 15 ( A33512C ) in a North Indian population in comparison with global populations .	
The present study was conducted to determine the frequency distribution of single nucleotide polymorphisms ( SNPs ) selected for genes in these two pathways i.e .	
This could assist in high-risk screening of humans exposed to environmental carcinogens and cancer predisposition in different ethnic groups .	
We found that neither the cell cycle norgammay-H2AX were affected in IIP48- and IIP49-silenced cells , suggesting that the IIP60 chromatin modification complex is not engaged in DNA damage signaling upstream of ATM .	61	62	6
In the present communication , we investigated the requirements of IIP48 and IIP49 for ATM activation by monitoring the cell cycle distribution and H2AX phosphorylation after irradiation of IIP48- and IIP49-depleted cells .	
The RuvB-like proteins TIP48 and TIP49 are known to be necessary for the assembly and functional activity of the TIP60 acetyltransferase complex .	
Recently , it was reported that the histone acetyltransferase Tat interactive protein-60 ( IPP60 ) is required to acetylate ATM prior to its activation .	
Phosphorylation of the histone H2AX by ATM is required for the accumulation of repair proteins at the sites of double-strand breaks .	
Ataxia telangiectasia mutated ( ATM ) kinase is a central player in cellular response to DNA damage .	
Further investigation showed that STM-57 induced autophagy , as determined with the increased expression of green fluorescent protein-light chain3 ( GFP-LC3 ) and increased LC3-II levels .	82	8
STM-57 inhibited the phosphorylation of Akt and the mammalian target of rapamycin ( mTOR ) in CNE-2 cells .	
CDK1 activity is modulated by both stimulatory and inhibitory factors .	
The intracellular calcium concentration and reactive oxygen species levels were increased in CNE-2 cells following treatment with STM-57 , whereas the mitochondrial transmembrane potential ( ΔΨm ) and ATP concentrations were decreased .	a21	a2	a
Thus , EF31 represents a promising curcumin analog for further therapeutic development .	
The chemosensitivity of these head and neck SCC cell lines to vinorelbine expressed as IC50 , corresponding to the drug concentration causing 50% inhibition in clonogenic survival , varied between 0.6 and 1.0 nM .	
The vinorelbine sensitivity of eight recently established head and neck squamous cell carcinoma ( SCC ) cell lines was tested using the 96-well plate clonogenic assay .	
Such data that suggest a non-estrogenic , or estrogen-antagonistic effect of CR on human breast cancer cells lead to the conclusion that CR treatment may be a safe , natural remedy for menopausal symptoms in breast cancer .	
The dose-dependent growth inhibition caused by vinorelbine was measured in three of these cell lines .	
When exposed to 3 nM and 5 nM vinorelbine , an accumulation of the cells in the G2/M-phase was observed in all cultures after 12 hours .	91	9
The same cell lines were studied with flow cytometry .	
In the cultures treated with 5 nM vinorelbine , the cells stayed mitotically arrested for 2-32 hours and thereafter died morphologically by apoptosis .	8	81
The morphological changes induced by 3 nM and 5 nM vinorelbine to the UT-SCC-33 cell line were analysed with time-lapse video microscopy .	
To determine the influence of one such alternative , black cohosh ( Cimicifuga racemosa [ CR] ) , on estrogen-dependent mammary cancers , we conducted an in vitro investigation of the effect of an isopropanolic CR-extract on the proliferation of estrogen receptor-positive breast cancer cells .	
The experiments were performed using the human breast adenocarcinoma ( MCF-7 ) cell test system , an established in vitro model for estrogen-dependent tumors .	
Hormone replacement therapy , which is a common menopausal treatment , is contraindicated in women with breast cancers due to concerns regarding the potential for breast cell proliferation .	
As such , there is a need for alternative methods for treating menopausal symptoms .	
Additionally , application of the CR-extract inhibited estrogen-induced proliferation of MCF-7 cells .	9	92
Moreover , the proliferation-inhibiting effect of tamoxifen was enhanced by the CR-extract .	9
The influence of CR-extract on the proliferation of the MCF-7 cells was determined by measuring the incorporation of radioactively labeled thymidine .	
Under estrogen-deprived conditions , the CR-extract ( 10(-3)-10(-5) dilutions ) significantly inhibited MCF-7 cell proliferation .	9
SENEX is also essential for EC survival since depletion either ectopically by siRNA or by high- dose H(2)O(2) treatment causes apoptosis .	8	81
Senescent ECs such as those lining atherosclerotic lesions may therefore function to limit the inflammatory response .	a	a2	42	4
Furthermore they are resistant to thrombin induced vascular leak .	
The cells are resistant to tumor necrosis factor ( TNF)α-induced apoptosis , adhesion of neutrophils and mononuclear cells , and the surface ( but not cytoplasmic ) expression of endothelial leukocyte adhesion molecule 1 and vascular cell adhesion molecule 1 .	8	81
In contrast to that previously described for senescence in other cell types , the SENEX induced senescent ECs are profoundly anti-inflammatory .	a	a2	42	4
Endogenous levels of SENEX remain unchanged during replicative senescence but are regulated by H(2)O(2)-mediated stress .	42	4
The expression of the IL-1beta gene was also transcriptionally activated by RA in normal epithelial cells of prostate and oral cavity .	
Our results suggest that : ( a ) the IL-1beta gene is a primary target of RA receptors in HMEC ; ( b ) the enhanced expression of the IL-1beta gene does not mediate the RA-induced growth arrest of HMEC ; and ( c ) the expression of the IL-1beta gene is low or absent in all three human breast carcinoma cell lines examined , but the defect in the IL-1beta signaling pathway may be different in ER positive versus ER negative carcinoma cells .	
CONCLUSION The present study identified parthenolide as a new therapeutic agent for glioblastomas .	
Furthermore , parthenolide reduced Akt phosphorylation and activated mitochondrial signalling , suggesting that the antitumour function of parthenolide may be mediated not only by the inhibition of NF-κB but also by the inhibition of Akt signalling and the activation of apoptotic proteins .	8	81
Parthenolide suppressed neovascularity and tumour growth in glioblastoma xenografts .	
Consistent with the SRC-1 dependence of induced , but not repressed genes , in LNCaP cells , the peptides inhibited hormone dependent induction of endogenous target genes including PSA and TMPRSS2 , but did not block AR dependent repression of UGT2B17 or inhibit vitamin D receptor activity .	
Together , these findings expand our understanding of the role of senescence in the vasculature and identify SENEX as a fulcrum for driving the resultant phenotype of the endothelium after activation .	42	4
Seven-day leukemia cells feature lower proliferative potential and higher sensitivity to oxidative stress and platidiam .	a21	a2	a
Reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) , adenosine triphosphate ( ATP ) and glucose uptake were also measured .	
However , recent studies reported that SFN promotes the formation of reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) as well as DNA breakage .	
We evaluated zinc finger ( ZF ) DNA-binding domains ( DBDs ) for their abilities to introduce a bias into SB's insertion profile .	
METHODOLOGY/PRINCIPAL FINDINGS We investigated whether SFN is able to damage RNA , whose loss of integrity was demonstrated in different chronic diseases .	
E2C , that binds a unique site in the erbB-2 gene , mediated locus-specific transposon insertions at low frequencies .	
The Sleeping Beauty ( SB ) transposon is a nonviral , integrating vector system with proven efficacy in preclinical animal models , and thus holds promise for future clinical applications .	
However , SB has a close-to-random insertion profile that could lead to genotoxic effects , thereby presenting a potential safety issue .	
Targeted insertions with ZF-B peaked at approximately fourfold enrichment of transposition around ZF-B binding sites yielding overall frequency of insertion into LINE1 .	
A decrease in the ZF-B dataset with respect to transposon insertions in genes was found , suggesting that LINE1 repeats act as a sponge that " soak up " a fraction of SB insertions and thereby redirect them away from genes .	
DNA flow cytometric analysis revealed that 30 to 120 microM genistein induced dramatic G2/M phase arrest in NPC cells .	511	5	51
These two markers may be useful to screen cases for early cancer related changes , after validation on a larger sample .	
Interestingly , we also observed concomitant induction of p15(Ink4b) in genistein induced inhibitory effects in NPC cells .	
The mRNA expression levels , as shown by gene expression array and quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction , and the protein expression levels of the cell cycle regulators p21(Cip1) and ATR ( Ataxia telangiectasia and Rad3 related ) were elevated following genistein treatment .	5	51
Previous studies have demonstrated the anticancer properties of genistein , the major soy isoflavonoid , in several human cancer cells such as breast , prostate , colon , gastric , lung , and hepatoma .	
Nasopharyngeal carcinoma ( NPC ) is an endemic malignant disease of the head and neck region with unique features including striking ethnic and geographic variations as well as multifactorial etiology .	
In this study , we investigated the inhibitory effects of genistein on NPC cells and its possible underlying mechanisms .	
However , the action of genistein in NPC cells has not been determined .	
Identification of specific loci altered during carcinogenesis in a particular tissue gives scope for early detection and predicting the progressive nature of the tissue pathology .	
Cancer development is associated with genetic instability .	
Using three dinucleotide markers , D3S1313 , D9S171 , D17S250 and two mononucleotide markers BAT25 , BATRII , we evaluated MSI in 97 cases enrolled for endoscopy of upper GI tract with symptoms of dyspepsia , reflux or dysphagia .	
Instability at microsatellite loci is widely attributed to mismatch repair errors due to epigenetic alterations .	
These findings provide new insights into the potential intervention of NPC with genistein .	
We aimed at evaluating markers that reflect instability in esophageal malignancies , examine the prevalence of MSI in cancers and other pathologies of the esophagus , and determine the methylation status of hMLH1 gene in relation to MSI. 42% ( 21/50 ) cancers and 15.4%(2/13) precancers exhibited MSI where 85.7% cancers and 50% precancers with MSI , showed a hypermethylated hMLH1 promoter .	
Thus these markers were useful in identifying the mismatch repair phenotype .	62	6
BAT25 and D3S1313 markers exhibited instability frequently and cases with MSI using these markers showed an abnormal hMLH1 promoter .	
We conclude that selective inhibition of the glycolytic pathway in CLL cells with nanoliposomal C6-ceramide could potentially be an effective therapy for leukemia by targeting the Warburg effect .	31	3
Low-dose cyclophosphamide ( CP ) therapy induces immunogenic tumor cell death and decreases regulatory T cell ( Treg ) numbers in mice with transplantable tumors .	
Since DNA repair is generally attenuated by differentiation in most cell types , the cell-cycle-associated events in postmitotic cells may reflect the need to re-enter the cell cycle to activate DNA repair .	
We show that cyclin-C-directed , pRb-dependent G(0) exit activates the non-homologous end joining pathway of DNA repair ( NHEJ ) in postmitotic neurons .	62	6
Using RNA interference , we found that abrogation of cyclin-C-mediated exit from G(0) compromised DNA repair but did not initiate apoptosis .	62	6
Forced G(1) entry combined with prevention of G(1) --> S progression triggered NHEJ activation even in the absence of DNA lesions , but did not induce apoptosis in contrast to unrestricted progression through G(1) --> S. We conclude that G(0) --> G(1) transition is functionally significant for NHEJ repair in postmitotic neurons .	62	6
It is commonly believed that neurons remain in G(0) phase of the cell cycle indefinitely .	
Cell-cycle re-entry , however , is known to contribute to neuronal apoptosis .	
Moreover , recent evidence demonstrates the expression of cell-cycle proteins in differentiated neurons under physiological conditions .	
The functional roles of such expression remain unclear .	
These findings reveal the importance of cell-cycle activation for controlling both DNA repair and apoptosis in postmitotic neurons , and underline the particular role of G(1) --> S progression in apoptotic signaling , providing new insights into the mechanisms of DNA damage response ( DDR ) in postmitotic neurons .	62	6
Ceramide is a sphingolipid metabolite that induces cancer cell death .	
When C6-ceramide is encapsulated in a nanoliposome bilayer formulation , cell death is selectively induced in tumor models .	
Similar to previous studies utilizing IGF-1 , pretreatment with Roscovitine leads to a significant up-regulation of p21 expression and a significant decrease in the number of PCNA positive cells .	91	9
To confirm that ceramide targets GAPDH , we demonstrate that downregulation of GAPDH potentiates the decrease in ATP after ceramide treatment and exogenous pyruvate treatment as well as GAPDH overexpression partially rescues ceramide-induced necrosis .	83	8
These findings provided a novel insight that Gadd45a may involve in tumor progression by regulating related genes expressions .	
Accumulating data suggest that autophagy is activated as a compensatory mechanism upon proteasome activity is impaired .	
MATERIAL AND METHODS The expression pattern of the ASPP family consisting of ASPP1 , ASPP2 , and iASPP was examined by immunohistochemistry in 45 formalin-fixed and paraffin-embedded endometrial endometrioid adenocarcinoma ( EEA ) specimens and 26 normal endometrial tissue ( NET ) samples .	
BACKGROUND Apoptosis-stimulating protein of p53 ( ASPP ) family members can stimulate the apoptotic function of p53 but have no impact on its cell cycle arrest function .	
However , the iASPP expression rate in EEA was statistically higher in contrast to NET ( p < 0.05 ) .	
RESULTS The expression rates of ASPP1 and ASPP2 in EEA were significantly lower than those in NET ( p < 0.05 ) .	
CONCLUSIONS It is a novel finding that the expression pattern of the ASPP family members has respective pathological and clinical implications in EEA , and iASPP might be a candidate target for EEA therapy .	
Expression of ASPP1 and iASPP in EEA had no correlation with any clinicopathological features ( p > 0.05). iASPP was associated with grade , invasion , and lymph node metastasis ( p < 0.05 ) .	1
The identification of molecular markers related to critical biological processes during carcinogenesis may aid in the evaluation of carcinogenic potentials of chemicals and chemical mixtures .	
Work from our laboratory demonstrated that a single treatment with N-methyl-N'-nitro-N-nitrosoguanidine ( MNNG ) enhanced spontaneous malignant transformation of the human keratinocyte cell line RHEK-1 .	
In contrast , chronic low-level exposure of cells to arsenic alone or in a mixture containing arsenic , cadmium , chromium , and lead inhibited malignant conversion .	
To identify changes in gene expression that influence these different outcomes , cDNA microarray technology was used .	
Analysis of multiple human arrays in MNNG-transformed RHEK-1 cells , designated OM3 , and those treated with arsenic or the arsenic-containing metal mixture showed unique patterns of gene expression .	
Genes that were overexpressed in OM3 included oncogenes , cell cycle regulators , and those involved in signal transduction , whereas genes for DNA repair enzymes and inhibitors of transformation and metastasis were suppressed .	12	51	9	1	511	62	5	6	91
In arsenic-treated cells , multiple DNA repair proteins were overexpressed .	62	6
Mixture-treated cells showed increased expression of a variety of genes including metallothioneins and integrin 4 .	
These cells showed decreased expression of oncogenes , DNA repair proteins , and genes involved in the mitogen-activated protein kinase pathway .	
For comparison we are currently analyzing gene expression changes in RHEK-1 cells transformed by other means .	
Diarylquinoline compounds are newly synthesized derivatives of the new anti-tuberculosis drug , TMC207 .	
We also observed increased apoptosis and decreased viable cell number in down-regulated cervical cancer cells .	8	81
The production of ROS was increased in cervical cancer cells as compared with normal cervical epithelia .	a21	a2	a
Knockdown of PrxIII expression induced up-regulation of other Prx members including PrxI , PrxII , and PrxV .	
The study group consisted of 37 patients with stage I nonsmall cell lung cancer .	
Plasma concentrations of Ang1 , Ang2 , sTie2 , VEGF , and sVEGF R1 were evaluated by ELISA three times : before surgical resection and on postoperative days 7 and 30 .	
A tendency of a higher copy number in aggressive tumours was also found .	
In contrast , clear evidence for copy number expansions was indicated in five out of eight tested melanoma tissues or melanoma cell lines .	
We identified three SNP alleles that were present in a subset of Grey haplotypes within the 350 kb region that shows complete linkage disequilibrium with the causative mutation .	
ETA and ETB were expressed in cultured lingual and esophageal squamous cell carcinoma ( SCCs ) cell lines .	
We recently identified a 4.6 kb duplication in STX17 to be associated with the phenotype .	
Expression of Period 2 in the suprachiasmatic nucleus was affected by ZT ( P<0.0001 ) with a marginal interaction effect of age , genotype , and ZT ( P<0.08 ) .	
RESULTS We found little evidence for copy number expansion of the duplicated sequence in blood DNA from Grey horses .	
The aims of this study were to investigate if the duplication in Grey horses shows copy number variation and to exclude that any other polymorphism is uniquely associated with the Grey mutation .	
A separate analysis of the old animals indicated a robust interaction between ZT and genotype , as well as main effects of these parameters .	
CONCLUSIONS These results suggest that the mutation acts as a melanoma-driving regulatory element .	
Thus , these three nucleotide substitutions must have occurred subsequent to the duplication , consistent with our interpretation that the Grey mutation arose more than 2,000 years before present .	
The concentrations of Ang1 and sVEGF R1 did not change after the surgery .	71	7	711
Lung cancer resection results in proangiogenic plasma protein changes that may stimulate tumor recurrences and metastases after early resection .	1	12	7	71
This indicates that these substances do , in fact , demonstrate estrogenic activity .	9	92
A statistically significant increase in proliferation rate of human MCF-7 breast cancer cells was detected for two nitro musks ( musk xylene , musk ketone ) , a major metabolite of musk xylene ( p-amino-musk xylene ) , and the polycyclic musk fragrance AHTN .	9
A variety of musk fragrances were tested using the E-screen assay .	
The widespread use of synthetic musk fragrances and the resultant presence of these substances and their metabolites in the aquatic environment ( as well as their accumulation in human adipose tissue ) raises the question of whether musk fragrances display endocrine and in particular estrogenic activity .	
E-screen analysis showed that the nitro musk metabolites o-amino musk xylene and 2-amino-MK , the macrocyclic musk fragrances ethylene brassylate , ethylene dodecandioate , and cyclopentadecanolide , are not estrogenically active .	
The naturally occurring fragrance muscone from the group of macrocyclic musk fragrances , a group of substances that have not yet been well characterized in respect to their toxicological properties , has also been shown to be weakly estrogenically active in vitro .	
It must be noted , however , that the effective estrogenic strength and estrogenic potency were low compared to 17 b-estradiol .	
Coincubation with the antiestrogen tamoxifen showed that the increase in proliferation rate by the musk fragrances is estrogen receptor-mediated .	9	93
This may be related to differences in structure between cosmomycin D and doxorubicin .	
This cleavage separates the BRCT and FHA domains of MDC1 and constitutes a novel mechanism for the inactivation of DNA repair in apoptotic cells .	8	62	81	6
Our results suggest that PrxIII is an indispensable ROS scavenger , which protects tumor cells against oxidative damage and subsequent apoptosis .	a21	a2	a	8	81
Restored antigenicity and immunogenicity of tumor cells may represent a previously unrecognized primary mode of action underlying the cancer-preventive effects of metformin .	
These findings may help delineate a previously unrecognized mechanism through which metformin ( and metformin-like drugs ) may enable a cancer patient's own immune system to mount an efficient anti-metastasis response that can prevent or delay disease recurrence .	
MHC-I expression , as assessed by flow cytometry using an anti-HLA-ABC monoclonal antibody , was fully restored ( up to upregulation ) in MHC-I-negative HER2 gene-amplified carcinoma cells .	
Second , we explored whether metformin-enhanced mitochondrial biogenesis might significantly alter the MHC-I status in breast carcinoma cells .	
Metformin exposure was found to dose-dependently increase the expression levels of cytochrome c oxidase I and mitochondrial succinate dehydrogenase , which are encoded by mitochondrial and nuclear DNA , respectively .	
First , we explored how metformin treatment impacted mitochondrial biogenesis in cultured breast cancer cells overexpressing the membrane tyrosine kinase receptor HER2 , the best-characterized downregulator of MHC-I .	
We recently envisioned that intervention strategies aimed at reversing the bioenergetic signature of cancer cells ( e.g. , the antidiabetic biguanide metformin ) should correct oncogene ( e.g. , HER2)-driven MHC-I defects , thus preventing immune escape of oncogene transformants .	
Deficiencies in MHC-I antigen-restricted immunosurveillance may be intertwined with an altered , Warburg-like cancer cell-intrinsic metabolism , another emerging hallmark of cancer that involves a switch from mitochondrial respiration to glycolysis to efficiently support large-scale biosynthetic programs that are required for active cell proliferation .	
Active avoidance by tumor cells from attack and elimination by immune cells is an emerging cancer hallmark that is achieved primarily through decreasing the levels of major histocompatibility complex class I ( MHC-I ) at the cancer cells ' surface .	
Together , these results implicate MDC1 in the cellular apoptotic response .	8	81
Using a well characterized model system for breast cancer , we define here the molecular and cellular consequences of adriamycin treatment in breast tumor cells .	
Direct experimental evidence implicates telomere erosion as a primary cause of cellular senescence .	
Inactivation of wild-type p53 resulted in a transition of the cellular response to adriamycin treatment from replicative senescence to delayed apoptosis , demonstrating that p53 plays an integral role in the fate of breast tumor cells treated with DNA-damaging agents .	42	61	4	6	8	81
Cells acutely exposed to adriamycin exhibited an increase in p53 activity , a decline in telomerase activity , and a dramatic increase in beta-galactosidase , a marker of senescence .	42	4
Treatment of MCF-7-hTERT cells with adriamycin produced an identical senescence response as controls without signs of telomere shortening , indicating that the senescence after treatment is telomere length-independent .	42	4
Stable introduction of hTERT , the catalytic protein component of telomerase , into MCF-7 cells caused an increase in telomerase activity and telomere length .	
To our knowledge , these data are the first to demonstrate that the mechanism of adriamycin-induced senescence is dependent on both functional p53 and telomere dysfunction rather than overall shortening .	42	4
However , we found that exposure to adriamycin resulted in an overrepresentation of cytogenetic changes involving telomeres , showing an altered telomere state induced by adriamycin is probably a causal factor leading to the senescence phenotype .	42	4
The operational status of the Hh pathway was confirmed in primary cell culture and could be modulated in a manner consistent with a ligand-dependent mechanism .	
A significant correlation between Ki67 and PTCH and GLI1 staining indices was measured , and 86% of Ki67-positive cells also expressed PTCH .	
Immunohistochemical staining for the Hh pathway components PTCH and GLI1 and the proliferation marker Ki67 demonstrated that patients diagnosed before the age of 10 had higher staining indices than those diagnosed after the age of 10 .	91	9
Evaluation of a tissue array revealed oligodendroglioma-like features , pilomyxoid features , infiltration , and necrosis more commonly in specimens from younger patients ( below the median patient age of 10 years ) .	83	8
Expression levels of the Hh pathway transcriptional target PTCH were elevated in 45% of tumor specimens analyzed ( ages 1-22 years ) and correlated inversely with patient age .	
The Hedgehog ( Hh ) pathway regulates the growth of higher WHO grade gliomas , and in this study , we have evaluated the activation and operational status of this regulatory pathway in pilocytic astrocytomas .	
However , disease onset is most prevalent in the first two decades of life , and children are often left with residual or recurrent disease and significant morbidity .	
Pilocytic astrocytoma is commonly viewed as a benign lesion .	
Taken together , these findings suggest that Hh pathway activation is common in pediatric pilocytic astrocytomas and may be associated with younger age at diagnosis and tumor growth .	
In line with this observation , we found that EC cell lines were also sensitive to PARP inhibitor monotherapy .	
Inhibiting Hsp90 also blocked in vitro CD4(+) T cell proliferation in mouse and human MLRs .	
The antitumor efficacies of ERβ as well as raloxifene were further investigated on HCT-116 tumor bearing mice .	
Results demonstrated that both Ad-ERβ and raloxifene individually inhibited tumor growth .	
Spindle cell oncocytoma of the anterior pituitary is often misdiagnosed entity of uncertain histogenesis .	
It should be considered in the differential diagnosis of various sellar-region lesions of oncocytic morphology .	
Ultrastructurally , the tumour cells were rich in mitochondria with lamellar cristae .	
Moreover , in Case 2 some tumour cells showed a number of giant mitochondria with severely destructed internal matrix .	
The tumour cells exhibited immunoreactivity for S-100 protein , galectin-3 , vimentin and epithelial membrane antigen but they were negative for GFAP , anterior pituitary neuroendocrine markers ( prolactin , growth hormone , TSH , ACTH , FSH , LH ) , chromogranin , synaptophysin , cytokeratin CK ( AE1/AE3 ) , smooth muscle actin , desmin , CD34 and CD68 .	
MIB1 labeling index did not exceed 10% .	
Mitoses were rarely observed and necrosis was absent .	83	8
In one case , the advanced lymphocytic infliltration was observed within neoplastic tissue .	
IGF-1 treatment increased aromatase activity in both breast cancer cell lines .	
In addition , LTEDaro cells ( long-term estrogen deprived MCF-7aro cells ) which have enhanced MAPK activity , show higher aromatase activity compared to parental MCF-7aro cells , but the aromatase protein level remains the same .	
However , PI3K/Akt pathway inhibitors stimulated aromatase activity in T47Daro cells .	921	92	9
This is due to enhanced MAPK phosphorylation as compensation after the PI3K/Akt pathway has been blocked .	921	92	9
In the current study , MCF-7aro and T47Daro aromatase transfected breast carcinoma cells were used to explore the mechanisms of post-transcriptional regulation of aromatase activity by growth factor pathways .	
Our study reveals that PI3K/Akt and MAPK inhibitors suppressed aromatase activity in MCF-7aro cells .	921	92	9
It has been demonstrated that growth factors produced by breast cancer cells stimulate aromatase expression in both breast cancer and adjacent adipose fibroblasts and stromal cells .	
However , whether these growth factors affect aromatase activity by other mechanisms still remain unclear .	
Relative apoptotic areas were increased ( P=0.003 ) .	8	81
Each agent was associated with a distinct interaction pattern , which , unlike single-mutant phenotypes or gene expression data , has high statistical power to pinpoint the specific repair mechanisms at work .	
The agent-specific networks revealed roles for the histone acetyltranferase Rtt109 in the mutagenic bypass of DNA lesions and the neddylation machinery in cell-cycle regulation and genome stability , while the network induced by multiple agents implicates Irc21 , an uncharacterized protein , in checkpoint control and DNA repair .	
These results suggest that aromatase activity could be enhanced by growth factor signaling pathways via post-transcriptional mechanisms .	9	92
To assess the degree of coordination and crosstalk among these pathways , we systematically mapped changes in the cell's genetic network across a panel of different DNA-damaging agents , resulting in differential measurements .	
Glucose metabolism-associated extracellular pH also decreased as cells excreted more H(+) , and sodium hydrogen exchanger ( NHE ) activity increased , probably as a homeostatic mechanism for intracellular pH .	
Transfection of BI-1 siRNA into cells before injection blocked lung metastasis. in vitro , the overexpression of BI-1 increased cell mobility and invasiveness , with highly increased glucose consumption and cytosolic accumulation of lactate and pyruvate , but decreased mitochondrial O(2) consumption and ATP production .	11	31	1	3
BI-1-overexpressing HT1080 and B16F10 cells produced higher lung weights and tumor volumes after injection into the tail veins of mice .	
The anti-apoptotic protein , BAX inhibitor-1 ( BI-1 ) , has a role in cancer/tumor progression .	
These findings strongly suggest that BI-1 reduces extracellular pH and regulates metastasis by altering glucose metabolism and activating NHE , with the C-terminal tail having a pivotal role in these processes .	1	31	12	3
In both in vitro and in vivo experiments , C-terminal deleted ( CDeltaBI-1 ) cells showed similar results to control cells , suggesting that the C-terminal motif is required for BI-1-associated alterations of glucose metabolism , NHE activation and cancer metastasis .	31	3
These alterations activated MMP 2/9 and cell mobility and invasiveness , which were reversed by the NHE inhibitor , 5-(N-ethyl-N-isopropyl) amiloride ( EIPA ) , suggesting a role for NHE in cancer metastasis .	
These data indicate that tumor growth decreased due to the modulation of cellular pathways associated with cell proliferation and apoptosis .	
A significant level of DNA SSBs ( 101 +/- 13 rad equivalents ) was still detectable at 72 h after the 2-h treatment with 1 microM ICI D1694 .	612	61	6
Increased levels of these cytokines have already been correlated with metastasis of most common cancer types .	
It was detectable at 8 h and reached a maximum at about 24 h , 34 +/- 3 ( SD ) and 305 +/- 34 rad equivalents with 0.1 microM ( 50% inhibition concentration ) and 1.0 microM ( 90% inhibition concentration ) ICI D1694 , respectively .	
Mean vascular density was the lowest in the sorafenib/CDDP group ( P=0.02 ) .	
Our findings suggest that targeting tumor glycolysis can increase the efficacy of chemotherapy .	31	3
RESULTS Both acrylamide and glycidamide Hb adducts were associated with a statistically significant reduction in birth weight and head circumference .	61	611	6
Maternal diet was estimated through food-frequency questionnaires .	
Findings were similar in infants of nonsmokers , were consistent across countries , and remained after adjustment for factors associated with reduced birth weight .	
Furthermore , the combination of pshRNA-pkm2 and docetaxel inhibited tumor growth and promoted more cancer cell apoptosis both in vivo and in vitro .	
It is classified as a probable human carcinogen , and developmental toxicity has been observed in rodents .	
BACKGROUND Acrylamide is a common dietary exposure that crosses the human placenta .	
METHODS Hemoglobin ( Hb ) adducts of acrylamide and its metabolite glycidamide were measured in cord blood ( reflecting cumulated exposure in the last months of pregnancy ) from 1,101 singleton pregnant women recruited in Denmark , England , Greece , Norway , and Spain during 2006-2010 .	
OBJECTIVES We examined the associations between prenatal exposure to acrylamide and birth outcomes in a prospective European mother-child study .	
The effects of different concentrations and schedules of [ 6R,S]-5-formyltetrahydrofolate ( [ 6RS]LV ) and 2'-deoxy-thymidine ( dThd ) on drug growth inhibition and DNA damage were also evaluated .	
Pro-metastatic effects occurred when hepatic colonization with B16M cells place after the peak of TNF-alpha and IL-18 levels had been reached in the hepatic blood of fungal challenged mice .	
CONCLUSIONS Dietary exposure to acrylamide was associated with reduced birth weight and head circumference .	
Maternal consumption of foods rich in acrylamide , such as fried potatoes , was associated with cord blood acrylamide adduct levels and with reduced birth weight .	61	611	6
DNA single-strand breaks and associated growth inhibition induced by the thymidylate synthase inhibitor N-(5-[N-(3,4-dihydro-2-methyl-4-oxoquinazoline-6-ylmethyl)-N -methylamino]-2 - thenoyl)-L-glutamic acid ( ICI D1694 ) were quantitated using the human ileocecal adenocarcinoma cell line , HCT-8 .	
Regarding angiogenesis in vitro , we first studied human umbilical vascular endothelial cells , which established a capillary-like network structure ( tube formation ) in the presence of reconstituted Matrigel .	7	71
Treatment with C225 reduced cell-to-cell interaction of human umbilical vascular endothelial cells , resulting in disruption of tube formation .	
The TH2 cytokine IL-4 suppressed PRL-induced activation of macrophages .	
CONCLUSION The combination of sorafenib with cisplatin might be a promising treatment option for high risk or recurrent HB .	
Yet , for this assignment only limited automatic accessible tools exist .	
Tumor metastasis represents a complex multistep process that requires migration , invasion , and angiogenesis .	
In this study , we examined the impact of molecular blockade of the epidermal growth factor receptor on the invasive and metastatic capacity of human squamous cell carcinoma ( SCC ) of the head and neck using in vitro and in vivo model systems .	
Treatment with the anti-epidermal growth factor receptor antibody C225 attenuated the migration of SCC-1 tumor cells through a chemotaxis chamber in a dose-dependent manner .	11	1
Incubation of SCC cells with 10-100 nM C225 for 4 h resulted in 40-60% inhibition of cell migration .	11	1
Furthermore , in the presence of C225 , the capacity of SCC-1 to invade across a layer of extracellular matrix ( Matrigel ) was significantly inhibited .	11	1
Using an in vivo orthotopic floor-of-mouth xenograft model , locoregional tumor invasion of SCC-1 into muscle , vessel , bone , and perineural tissues was inhibited in C225-treated mice .	11	1
This inhibition was additionally characterized by down-regulation in the expression of matrix metalloproteinase-9 .	
These data suggest that inhibition of metastatic potential by C225 may be mediated via decreased migration and invasion of SCC cells .	1
Low-dose gemcitabine therapy selectively depletes Treg , providing a basis for new modalities of PDAC therapy .	
S100A11 ( calgizzarin ) , a member of the S100 Ca(2+)-binding protein family , is involved in several different biological processes .	
S100A11 has been found up-regulated in PTC , both at the mRNA and protein levels .	
BACKGROUND Detection of disease-causing mutations using Deep Sequencing technologies possesses great challenges .	
DESIGN The expression of the S100A11 gene in PTC was investigated in several gene expression data sets .	
The effect of S100A11 silencing on the hallmarks of the malignant phenotype of several PTC-derived cell lines was investigated .	
In NIH3T3 cells , the cooperation of S100A11 with the different PTC-specific oncogenes was assessed .	
RESULTS We found that the S100A11 gene expression is frequently up-regulated in PTC , anaplastic thyroid carcinoma , but not in follicular thyroid carcinoma .	
S100A11 overexpression was also detected in PTC-derived cell lines , which were then used for functional studies .	
S100A11 silencing in PTC-derived cell lines did not affect cell proliferation , whereas it reduced the loss of contact inhibition , anchorage-independent growth , and resistance to anoikis .	5	52
Previous studies on the BM13674 cell line showed that an inhibitor of protein synthesis failed to prevent apoptosis in these cells .	
The cytotoxicity of mouse tumor-associated macrophages ( TAMs ) isolated at day 1 of tumor ( Ehrlich ascites carcinoma , EAC ) growth was enhanced by PRL .	
In particular , the targeting of PKM2 could , to some extent , be a new way of reversing chemotherapy resistance to cancer therapy .	
While exploratory in nature , this study supports the hypothesis that enhanced inflammatory cytotoxic pathways coupled with blunting of the regulatory pathways is necessary for effective anti-cancer activity associated with immune therapy .	a1	a
In this study , we examined the effect of OSU-CG5 on the severity of preneoplastic lesions in male transgenic adenocarcinoma of the mouse prostate ( TRAMP ) mice .	
Daily oral treatment with OSU-CG5 at 100 mg/kg from 6 to 10 weeks of age resulted in a statistically significant decrease in the weight of urogenital tract and microdissected dorsal , lateral , and anterior prostatic lobes relative to vehicle controls .	
Microarray analysis indicated a central role for Akt , and Western blot analysis showed reduced phosphorylation and/or expression levels of Akt , Src , androgen receptor , and insulin-like growth factor-1 receptor in prostate lobes .	921	93	9	92
These findings support further investigation of OSU-CG5 as a potential chemopreventive agent .	
Cell cycle analysis revealed a significant rise in the G2-phase population 12 hours after sAC inhibition , which was accompanied by the down-regulation of cyclin B1 and CDK1. sAC-dependent regulation of proliferation involves the EPAC/Rap-1/B-Raf signaling pathway .	
In AMP-treated cells , DNA synthesis decreased , whereas RNA and protein syntheses rose normally with time .	
Of all adenosine derivatives tested , AMP was the most efficient inhibitor of cell proliferation .	
The effects on cell proliferation , glycolysis , and glutaminolysis were investigated .	
MCF-7 human breast cancer cells propagated in vitro were treated with adenosine derivatives added to the culture medium .	
Metabolites such as fructose 1,6-bisphosphate and pyruvate accumulated in AMP-arrested cells .	
In contrast , actual glycolytic flux rates declined , whereas key glycolytic enzyme activities increased .	31	3
Increases in the enzyme activities involved in glutamate degradation and in the malate-aspartate shuttle were observed .	
In terms of carbohydrate metabolism , lactate production from glucose was drastically reduced ; therefore , most of lactate produced must have been derived from glutamine .	3
In compensation , glutamine catabolism was increased .	
Based on the lowered NAD level in the AMP-treated cells , lactate dehydrogenase , but not malate dehydrogenase , was impaired ; thereby the whole of glycolysis was inhibited .	31	3
Overall , the results provide evidence for enhanced toxicological responses in fish following exposure to Cu either alone or in combination with hypoxic condition and lends support to the evolving viewpoint that many water quality guidelines should be revisited in terms of new ecotoxicological criteria .	
Interestingly , SGR under both normoxic and hypoxic conditions reduced with elevating Cu levels ( p=0.019 ) .	
In complex with a constitutively active viral cyclin CDK6 stimulated NF-κB p65-mediated transcription in a target gene specific manner and this effect was partially dependent on its ability to phosphorylate p65 at serine 536 .	
Inhibition of CDK6 catalytic activity by PD332991 suppressed activation of NF-κB and TNF-induced gene expression .	
These results suggest that aberrant CDK6 expression or activation that is frequently observed in human tumors can contribute through NF-κB to chronic inflammation and neoplasia .	a	a2
The immortalization process subsequent to the expression of HPV E6 and E7 may therefore determine UVB sensitivity by switching the mode of apoptosis from a caspase-8 to a Bcl-2-caspase-9-mediated pathway of apoptosis .	8	81	4	41
No mutations were found in CYP1B1 .	63	6
This substitution may cause structural and functional changes of the protein based on bioinformatics analysis .	
D384G ) of the MYOC protein .	
This mutation caused an amino acid substitution of aspartic acid to glycine at position 384 ( p .	
To gain insight into such regulatory mechanisms , we have asked how protein levels of Rad51 , a key component of HR , are controlled in mouse ES cells and mouse embryo fibroblasts ( MEFs ) .	
The Rad51 protein level is about 15-fold higher in ES cells than in MEFs .	
DNA double-strand breaks ( DSBs ) in embryonic stem ( ES ) cells are repaired primarily by homologous recombination ( HR ) .	
The results also reveal features of cell stress response that point to microbial pathophysiology and mechanisms of cell senescence as important mechanistic links to cancer .	
A comparative assessment of the Rad51 translation level demonstrated that it is translated with much greater efficacy in ES cells than in MEFs .	
To determine whether this high level of translation in ES cells is a general phenomenon in these cells or whether it is a characteristic of specific proteins , such as those involved with recombination and cell cycle progression , we compared mechanisms that regulate the level of Pcna in ES cells with those that regulate Rad51 .	
The level of Rad51 mRNA , however , is only higher , indicating that the differences in mRNA levels due to rates of transcription or mRNA stability are not sufficient to account for the large difference in the abundance of Rad51 protein .	
Comparison of Rad51 half-lives between ES cells and MEFs also did not explain the elevated level of Rad51 protein in the ES cells .	
The half-life of Pcna and its rate of synthesis were considerably different from those of Rad51 in ES cells , demonstrating that regulation of Rad51 abundance cannot be generalized to other ES cell proteins and not to proteins involved in DNA replication and cell cycle control .	
Finally , we show that only a small proportion of the abundant Rad51 protein population is activated under basal conditions in ES cells and recruited to DNA DSBs and/or stalled replication forks .	
If confirmed , these findings suggest that dietary intake of acrylamide should be reduced among pregnant women .	
Consumption of specific foods during pregnancy was associated with higher acrylamide exposure in utero .	
Key cellular decisions , such as proliferation or growth arrest , typically occur at spatially defined locations within tissues .	
We conclude that intense intermittent exercise provides a weak stimulus for vascular endothelial growth factor secretion and endothelial cell proliferation and that intense intermittent training does not induce a sufficient angiogenic stimulus to induce capillary growth in muscle previously conditioned by moderate-intensity exercise .	
The 4 weeks of high-intensity training did not lead to an increased capillarization in the muscle but abolished the exercise-induced increase in mRNA for several angiogenic factors , increased the protein levels of endothelial nitric oxide synthase , lowered the protein levels of thrombospondin-1 in muscle but increased the interstitial protein levels of thrombospondin-1 .	
Muscle interstitial fluid obtained during moderate-intensity exercise increased endothelial cell proliferation in vitro more than interstitial fluid obtained during intense exercise ( sixfold versus 2.5-fold , respectively ; P < 0.05 ) .	
Comparison of the response in angiogenic factors to acute moderate- versus high-intensity exercise , performed prior to the intense training intervention , revealed that intense exercise resulted in a markedly lower ( P < 0.05 ) increase in interstitial vascular endothelial growth factor than did moderate-intensity exercise .	
Skeletal muscle biopsies and muscle microdialysates were obtained from the vastus lateralis before , during and after acute exercise performed at either moderate or high intensity .	
The intense training consisted of 24 bouts of 1 min cycling at an initial work rate of 316 ± 19 W ( of pretraining maximal oxygen uptake ) , performed three times per week .	
The effect of acute intense intermittent exercise compared with moderate-intensity exercise on angiogenic factors and the effect of 4 weeks of intense intermittent training on capillary growth were examined in nine healthy young men , preconditioned by moderate-intensity endurance training .	
In genomically defined NSCLC cell lines , ganetespib caused depletion of receptor tyrosine kinases , extinguishing of downstream signaling , inhibition of proliferation and induction of apoptosis with IC(50) values ranging 2 to 30 nmol/L , substantially lower than those required for 17-AAG ( 20-3,500 nmol/L ) .	
Lack of surface MHC I would have profound consequences for presentation of viral peptides to the immune system .	2	21
However , a plethora of evidence demonstrated both antiestrogens exhibit agonist activities in different systems such as activation of the membrane-initiated signaling pathways .	
It is prevailingly thought that the antiestrogens tamoxifen and ICI 182 , 780 are competitive antagonists of the estrogen-binding site of the estrogen receptor-alpha ( ER-α ) .	
Previously , a variant of ER-α , EP-α36 , has been cloned and showed to mediate membrane-initiated estrogen and antiestrogen signaling in cells only expressing ER-α36 .	
The mechanisms by which antiestrogens mediate estrogen-like activities have not been fully established .	
We found that the effects of both 4-hydoxytamoxifen ( 4-OHT ) and ICI 182 , 780 ( ICI ) exhibited a non-monotonic , or biphasic dose response curve ; antiestrogens at low concentrations , elicited a mitogenic signaling pathway to stimulate cell proliferation while at high concentrations , antiestrogens inhibited cell growth .	9
Here , we investigated the molecular mechanisms underlying the antiestrogen signaling in ER-negative breast cancer MDA-MB-231 and MDA-MB-436 cells that express high levels of endogenous ER-α36 .	
In conclusion , our study did not highlight a prognostic relevance of VEGF expression in patients with node-negative breast cancer , as already observed for MVD .	
Finally , DFS and OS curves , when analyzed as a function of VEGF expression or MVD , were superimposable .	
Moreover , the trend was paradoxically in favor of patients with highly VEGF-expressing tumors .	
Clinical outcome analyzed as a function of high and low VEGF expression showed slight differences in terms of both disease-free survival ( DFS ) and overall survival ( OS ) that never reached statistical significance .	
A significant relation was observed between VEGF expression and MVD ( r(s) = 0.55 , p < 0.001 ) .	
Conversely , a significant inverse relation was observed with patient age or tumor cell proliferation , albeit with very poor correlation coefficients .	
The percentage of VEGF-expressing cells varied from 0-95% in the different tumors and was unrelated to menopausal status , tumor size or steroid receptor status .	71	7	711
In parallel , estrogen and progesterone receptors were quantitatively assessed using the dextran-charcoal technique and cell proliferation was evaluated as S-phase cell fraction according to ( 3)H-thymidine-labeling index ( TLI ) .	
In the present study , we investigated the relationship between VEGF expression and microvessel density ( MVD ) and defined their prognostic relevance on a series of 242 patients with node-negative breast cancer , using immunohistochemical methods .	
Vascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF ) has emerged as one of the most important angiogenic growth factors from experimental in vitro and in vivo studies .	
We ascribe this effect to a failure of acidification of the Golgi apparatus , as similar effects are observed in control cells treated with the ionophore monensin .	
Treatment of E5-transformed cells with either beta- or gamma-interferon increases the synthesis of MHC I , showing that inhibition of MHC I expression by E5 is not irreversible .	
However , even after interferon treatment , MHC I , although increased in quantity , is not transported to the cell surface .	
E5 therefore affects MHC I at several levels , but prevention of MHC I transport to the cell surface appears to be the dominant effect .	
During papillomavirus infection , the E5 protein localizes in the cell Golgi apparatus and other endomembrane compartments .	
Cells transformed by E5 do not express major histocompatibility class I complex ( MHC I ) on the cell surface , while cells transformed by the other transforming proteins E6 and E7 do .	
Testicular Germ Cell Tumors ( TGCT ) and patient-derived cell lines are extremely sensitive to cisplatin and other interstrand cross-link ( ICL ) inducing agents .	
In addition , the total amount of both MHC I protein and mRNA is reduced in E5-transformed cells .	
These results would provide us with useful experimental tools and important insights to understand the DNA repair process through NHEJ pathway .	62	6
We further show that the chromatin-recruitment of XRCC4 was not attenuated by wortmannin , an inhibitor of DNA-PK , or siRNA-mediated knockdown of the DNA-PK catalytic subunit ( DNA-PKcs ) , indicating that this process does not require DNA-PKcs .	
The chromatin-bound XRCC4 represented only approximately 1% of total XRCC4 molecules even after 20 Gy irradiation and the quantitative analysis using purified protein as the reference suggested that only a few XRCC4-DNA ligase IV complexes were recruited to each DNA end .	62	6
It was seen even after irradiation of small doses , i.e. , 2 Gy , but the residence of XRCC4 on chromatin was very transient after 2 Gy irradiation , returning to near normal level in 0.2-0.5 hr after irradiation .	
This chromatin-recruitment of XRCC4 could be seen immediately ( < 0.1 hr ) after irradiation and remained up to 4 hr after 20 Gy irradiation .	
This form of XRCC4 was liberated by micrococcal nuclease treatment , indicating that it had been tethered to chromatin DNA .	
A subpopulation of XRCC4 changed into a form that is resistant to the extraction with 0.5% Nonidet P-40-containing buffer after irradiation .	
In the present study , we captured radiation-induced chromatin-recruitment of XRCC4 by biochemical fractionation using detergent Nonidet P-40 .	
XRCC4 , in association with DNA ligase IV , is thought to play a critical role in the ligation of two DNA ends in DNA double-strand break ( DSB ) repair through non-homologous end-joining ( NHEJ ) pathway .	
In addition , Sup ODNs induced apoptosis and enhanced apoptosis when combined with vinorelbine .	8	81
We observed that expression of urokinase receptor ( uPAR ) was upregulated in response to doxorubicin .	
We found that low doses of doxorubicin induced a senescent response in human primary vascular smooth muscle cells ( VSMC ) .	42	4
On the contrary , uPAR overexpression promoted VSMC senescence .	42	4
Furthermore , the level of uPAR expression played a decisive role in developing doxorubicin-induced senescence. uPAR silencing in human VSMC by means of RNA interference as well as uPAR knockout in mouse VSMC resulted in abrogation of doxorubicin-induced cellular senescence .	42	4
However , its application and dosage are severely limited due to its cardiotoxicity .	
The anthracycline doxorubicin is a widely used effective anti-cancer drug .	
Even less is known about the impact of doxorubicin treatment on vascular damage .	
The exact mechanisms of doxorubicin-induced cardiotoxic side effects remain poorly understood .	
Whether the deregulation of miRNAs contributes to the Warburg effect remains largely unknown .	
High glycolysis , well known as " Warburg effect, " is frequently observed in a variety of cancers .	
Hexokinase 2 ( HK2 ) , coding for the first rate-limiting enzyme of glycolysis , is among the top list of genes predicted and potentially regulated by multiple miRNAs including miR-143 .	
Because miRNA regulates gene expression at both mRNA and protein levels , we constructed a gene functional association network , which allows us to detect the gene activity instead of gene expression , to integratively analyze the microarray data for gene expression and miRNA expression profiling and identify glycolysis-related gene-miRNA pairs deregulated in cancer .	
Collectively , we have not only established a novel methodology for gene-miRNA pair prediction but also identified miR-143 as an essential regulator of cancer glycolysis via targeting HK2 .	31	3
Interestingly , miR-143 expression was inversely associated with HK2 protein level but not mRNA level in human lung cancer samples. miR-143 , down-regulated by mammalian target of rapamycin activation , reduces glucose metabolism and inhibits cancer cell proliferation and tumor formation through targeting HK2 .	
Our results demonstrate the potential therapeutic applications ( topical or systemic ) of this protein in the treatment of cancer , for the trauma patients to ward off an excessive blood loss , or for people with the PAI-1 deficiency , especially during surgery .	
The unimpeded migration of metastatic PC-3 cells towards fibroblasts is dependent on activation of EphB3 and EphB4 by ephrin-B2 , which we show activates Cdc42 and cell migration .	1
Wild-type PAI-1 ( wt-PAI-1 ) has a short span of activity with a t1/2 of h , being spontaneously converted into a latent form .	
We have already proven its usefulness to control cancer in human cancer cells , as well as preventing clot lysis in human whole blood and plasma and in a mouse model .	
Thus , the migration of cancer cells can switch from restrained to invasive , depending on the Eph-receptor profile of the cancer cell and the reciprocal ephrin ligands expressed by neighbouring cells .	11	1
By inhibiting uPA it can block growth of the cancer tumors by suppressing angiogenesis , while when acting on tPA in the blood it can avert conversion of plasminogen to plasmin preventing lysis of the clot .	
This invasiveness is in contrast to normal mesenchymal cells that retract on contact with another cell .	
Why cancer cells are defective in contact inhibition of locomotion is not understood .	
Here , we analyse the dynamics of prostate cancer cell lines co-cultured with fibroblasts , and demonstrate that a combinatorial code of Eph receptor activation dictates whether cell migration will be contact inhibited .	5	52
Further , the results showed no prominent associations between any of 12 genetic polymorphisms and adduct levels .	61	611	6
Overall , our study showed only few associations between dietary , environmental , and genetic factors and levels of bulky DNA adducts measured in peripheral leukocytes in a general Danish population .	61	611	6
Cell migration plays important roles in natural processes involving embryonic development , inflammation , wound healing , cancer metastasis and angiogenesis .	
CONCLUSION Although metastasis from BCC is extremely rare , the prognosis of metastatic BCC is often poor .	
Tumor necrosis , microscopic vascular invasion , and sinus fat invasion are prognostic factors for death from renal carcinoma which are associated to TNM classification , Fuhrman grade , and tumor size .	11	83	1	8
CONCLUSIONS In patients with clinically localized renal cell carcinoma undergoing nephrectomy , pT stage and Fuhrman grade are the most important prognostic factors for survival and disease-free survival .	
The variables significantly influencing disease-free survival , estimated by the Cox method , were the pT stage ( p = 0.038 ) and Fuhrman grade ( p = 0.048 ) .	
These results point to a reduced proficiency of HR repair as a source of sensitivity of ECs to ICL-inducing agents and PARP inhibitor monotherapy , and suggest that pharmacological inhibition of PARP can be exploited to target the stem cell component of the TGCTs ( namely ECs ) and to enhance the sensitivity of cisplatin-resistant TGCTs to standard treatments .	
The combination of fulvestrant and anastrozole given during NNK exposure resulted in significantly fewer NNK-induced lung tumors ( mean = 0.5 ) compared with placebo ( mean = 4.6 , P < 0.001 ) , fulvestrant alone ( mean = 3.4 , P < 0.001 ) or anastrozole alone ( mean = 2.8 , P = 0.002 ) .	
Immunologic factors may be related to the recurrence of HCC ; however , this possibility is mentioned only rarely .	
METHODS Thirty HCC patients undergoing hepatectomies were divided into 3 groups according to the diameters of their HCCs : group A ( n = 8 ) , diameter ≤3 cm ; group B ( n = 8 ) , diameter >3 cm and ≤5 cm ; and group C ( n = 14 ) , diameter >5 cm .	
BACKGROUND Hepatocellular carcinoma ( HCC ) is the most common liver cancer .	
Therapeutic results are usually unsatisfactory because liver tumors recur often .	
CD25+ cells were increased in the tumor tissue in group C patients ( range , 6-41% ; median , 22.9% ; P = .003 ) , compared to group A patients .	
The percentage of CD25+ in the CD4+ T cells in tumor tissue was positively correlated with tumor sizes ( r = 0.556 ) .	a1	a
T-lymphocytes from peripheral blood , nontumor liver tissue , and the HCC were analyzed .	
RESULTS The percentage of CD25+ in the CD4+ T cells did not differ between the peripheral blood and the nontumor liver tissue among the 3 groups .	a1	a
All 29 variants were also analyzed for function in double-strand break repair by the single-strand annealing ( SSA ) pathway .	
Repair of double-strand breaks by homology-directed recombination ( HDR ) had been previously analyzed for 16 of these BRCA1 variants , and 13 more variants were analyzed in this study .	
These CD4+ CD25+ lymphocytes produced transforming growth factor-β and interferon-γ but not interleukin-10 , and were anergic to plate-coated monoclonal antibodies ( anti-CD3/anti-CD28 ) .	a1	a
The characteristics of these antibodies were comparable to those of regulatory T cells .	a1	a
These results indicated that specific amino acid residues of the BRCA1 protein have different effects in the two related DNA repair pathways , and these results validate the HDR assay as highly correlative with BRCA1-associated breast cancer .	62	6
Repair by SSA accurately identified pathogenic mutants , but several nonpathogenic variants were scored as defective or partially defective .	612	62	61	6
The HDR assay was accurate because all pathogenic mutants were defective for HDR , and all nonpathogenic variants were fully functional for HDR .	62	6
We found that among the pathogenic mutations in BRCA1 , all were defective for DNA repair by either pathway .	62	63	6
The mechanism by which HR is regulated in these cells , however , remains enigmatic .	
In the present study , we analyzed the clinicopathological features of primary colorectal cancer showing macroscopic intrabiliary extension of liver metastases .	
We reviewed 217 patients who underwent initial hepatic resection for colorectal liver metastasis between 1992 and 1998 , and analyzed the corresponding primary colorectal cancers clinicopathologically .	
We have previously reported the frequent occurrence of bile duct invasion by liver metastases from colorectal cancer .	
We found that patients with macroscopic intrabiliary cancer growth survive longer after hepatectomy than those without this feature .	
These were compared with 20 cases , selected randomly , of colorectal cancer that did not show bile duct invasion and were diagnosed as liver metastases .	1
These patients underwent hepatectomy during the same period as group A and were used as a control ( group B ) .	
Microscopic bile duct invasion was found in 89 of 217 cases ( 40.6% ) and , of these cases , 23 ( 10.6% ) had macroscopic intrabiliary extension .	11	1
Histological sections of the corresponding primary colorectal cancer were available in eight ( group A ) of these 23 cases .	
The histology of the primary tumors revealed well-differentiated adenocarcinoma in 100% of group A and in 25% of group B. The average maximum diameter of the primary tumor was 5.32 cm in group A and 3.61 cm in group B. Venous invasion was detected in 25% of group A and in 90% of group B ( P < 0.01 ) , while the incidences of lymphatic vessel invasion and lymph node metastases were similar between the groups .	
These data suggest that macroscopic intrabiliary extension could be a good indicator of a unique subgroup of colorectal cancers showing less aggressive features even though they develop liver metastases .	1	12
We found that Akt1 may also directly inhibit autophagy by down-regulating UVRAG both in a 293T transient transfection system and breast cancer cells stably expressing Akt1 .	
Reduced miR-320a levels ( to \u223c50% of control , P<0.05 ) are associated with the increased PFKm in each of these diverse systems .	
Moreover they inhibited androgen dependent proliferation of LNCaP cells and proliferation of C4-2 cells in androgen depleted medium without affecting AR negative PC-3 cells .	9	92
Thus , the p160 coactivator binding site is a novel potential therapeutic target to inhibit AR activity .	
Glycolysis is the initial step of glucose catabolism and is up-regulated in cancer cells ( the Warburg Effect ) .	
Up to 63% of tumors stained abnormally for one or two components of the cadherin-catenin complex ( beta-catenin , E-cadherin ) .	
Conversely , the serine/threonine-specific protein kinase B ( PKB , also known as Akt ) , which regulates survival in various cancers , inhibits autophagy through mTOR activation .	
HCB increases serum 17-beta estradiol and prolactin contents and decreases progesterone , FSH and LH levels in rats without tumors , while the opposite effect was observed in rats with tumors .	
Taken together , our findings demonstrate that luteolin inhibits human prostate tumor growth by suppressing vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 2-mediated angiogenesis .	71	7	711
Moreover , luteolin reduced cell viability and induced apoptosis in prostate cancer cells , which were correlated with the downregulation of AKT , ERK , mTOR , P70S6K , MMP-2 , and MMP-9 expressions .	8	81
Their knockdown in vitro phenocopied the effects of miR-362-3p over-expression .	
In disused muscle , lung cancer , and H(2)O(2)-treated myotubes , we show up-regulation of the rate-limiting glycolytic enzyme muscle-type phosphofructokinase ( PFKm , >2 fold , P<0.05 ) and accumulation of lactate ( >150% , P<0.05 ) .	31	3
We showed that Akt1 overexpression in MDA-MB-231 breast cancer cells down-regulated UVRAG transcription .	
The potential of TK VI is proposed as a promising anticancer agent for its well-characterized activity of Ca(2+) agonist and as a possible novel therapeutic strategy that acts on cancer cell mitochondria .	
Cotransfection experiments in NIH3T3 cells showed that overexpression of the S100A11 gene was able to enhance the transforming capabilities of the different PTC-associated oncogenes by affecting the loss of contact inhibition , anchorage-independent growth , and in vivo tumor formation .	5	52
CONCLUSION Our data indicate that S100A11 overexpression exerts a protumoral functional role in PTC pathogenesis .	
These findings suggest that oxidative stress-responsive microRNA-320a may regulate glycolysis broadly within nature .	a21	31	3	a2	a
Our results suggest that cancer resistance of BMR is conferred by massive necrotic response to overproliferation mediated by p53 and Rb pathways , and triggered by the release of IFN-\u03b2 .	83	8
Among these , 141 proteins were selectively up-regulated in ERα+ , and 95 proteins were selectively up-regulated in ERα- breast tumors .	
Comparison of differentially expressed proteins with a breast cancer database revealed 98 among these have been previously reported to be involved in breast cancer .	
Besides , we show here that down-regulation of SMYD3 could induce G1-phase cell cycle arrest , indicating the potent induction of apoptosis by SMYD3 knockdown .	51	5	511	8	81
Taken together , our study indicates that BGLF4 may directly or indirectly induce a DNA damage signal that eventually interferes with host DNA synthesis and delays S-phase progression .	91	61	9	6
Beclin 1 expression vectors or shRNA against Beclin 1 ( shBeclin 1 ) were transfected to investigate the role of Beclin 1 in autophagy activation and cytotoxicity of ovarian cancer cells induced by proteasome inhibitors .	
A small fraction of a cell's glucose enters the hexosamine biosynthetic pathway ( HBP ) , which regulates levels of O-linked beta-N-acetylglucosamine ( O-GlcNAc ) , a carbohydrate posttranslational modification of diverse nuclear and cytosolic proteins .	
Cancer cells upregulate glycolysis , increasing glucose uptake to meet energy needs .	
Reduction of O-GlcNAcation through RNA interference of OGT in breast cancer cells leads to inhibition of tumor growth both in vitro and in vivo and is associated with decreased cell-cycle progression and increased expression of the cell-cycle inhibitor p27(Kip1) .	511	5	51
We discovered that breast cancer cells upregulate the HBP , including increased O-GlcNAcation and elevated expression of O-GlcNAc transferase ( OGT ) , which is the enzyme catalyzing the addition of O-GlcNAc to proteins .	
Reducing O-GlcNAc levels in breast cancer cells decreased levels of FoxM1 protein and caused a decrease in multiple FoxM1-specific targets , including Skp2 .	
Elevation of p27(Kip1) was associated with decreased expression and activity of the oncogenic transcription factor FoxM1 , a known regulator of p27(Kip1) stability through transcriptional control of Skp2 .	511	5	51
Finally , pharmacological inhibition of OGT in breast cancer cells had similar anti-growth and anti-invasion effects .	
Moreover , reducing O-GlcNAcation decreased cancer cell invasion and was associated with the downregulation of matrix metalloproteinase-2 , a known FoxM1 target .	
These findings identify O-GlcNAc as a novel mechanism through which alterations in glucose metabolism regulate cancer growth and invasion and suggest that OGT may represent novel therapeutic targets for breast cancer .	31	3
Thus , our report of this family may represent an example to show that two hits of CNV and the presence of compound heterozygosity might be important mechanisms underlying the pathogenesis of autism .	
By Gene Ontology molecular function , dehydrogenase , reductase , cytoskeletal proteins , extracellular matrix , hydrolase , and lyase categories were significantly enriched in ERα+ , whereas selected calcium-binding protein , membrane traffic protein , and cytoskeletal protein were enriched in ERα- breast tumors .	
Biological process and pathway analysis revealed that up-regulated proteins of ERα+ were overrepresented by proteins involved in amino acid metabolism , proteasome , and fatty acid metabolism , while up-regulated proteins of ERα- were overrepresented by proteins involved in glycolysis pathway .	31	3
Interestingly , this cell behavior was distinct from that observed in another long-lived and cancer-resistant African mole rat , Heterocephalus glaber , the naked mole rat in which cells display hypersensitivity to contact inhibition .	5	52
When the clinical features of children and adolescents were compared , the incidence of preoperative gross neck LN metastasis and distant metastasis at diagnosis and tumors with a maximum diameter >10mm were significantly higher in the children group than in the adolescent group .	
DFS was significantly shorter in the children group than in the adolescent group , but no significant difference was found in CSS between these two groups .	
CONCLUSIONS The prognosis of PTC in children and adolescents is excellent , regardless of the extent of thyroidectomy and LN dissection .	
We recommend that only children or adolescents with preoperative gross neck LN metastasis and distant metastasis at diagnosis should be subjected to postoperative ablative therapy .	
DFS and CSS at 40years were 74.1 and 97.5% , respectively .	
DFS was significantly worse in patients aged <16years with a family history of thyroid cancer , preoperative neck gross LN metastasis , maximum tumor diameter , and extrathyroidal invasion .	
Preoperative gross neck LN metastasis and distant metastasis at diagnosis were significant factors for CSS .	
No other factors contributed to DFS and CSS .	
Altogether , these data suggest that Akt1 may inhibit autophagy by decreasing UVRAG expression , which also sensitizes cancer cells to UV irradiation .	82	8
Inhibiting Akt1 by siRNA or reintroducing UVRAG gene rescued the level of LC3B-II in UV-irradiation .	
Previous studies have shown that these mutations increase both Ca(2+) sensitivity and residual contractile activity at low Ca(2+) concentrations , which causes incomplete relaxation during diastole resulting in hypertrophy and sarcomeric disarray .	
Our findings indicate that members of this large gene family may be involved in different plant biological processes , some of which may be potentially involved in legume-specific nodulation .	
Our comparative genomics analysis provides a solid foundation for future functional dissection of this family gene .	
Comparative expression profile analysis of R2R3-MYB genes in soybean and Arabidopsis revealed that MYB genes play conserved and various roles in plants , which is indicative of a divergence in function .	
CONCLUSIONS In this study we identified the largest MYB gene family in plants known to date .	
In conclusion , our results showed that Sup ODNs have an anticancer effect and increase the sensitivity of NSCLC cells to conventional anticancer drugs by modifying Akt and the extracellular signal-regulated kinase 1/2 pathway .	
BMR cells proliferated actively for 7-20 population doublings , after which the cells began secreting IFN-\u03b2 , and the cultures underwent massive necrotic cell death within 3 d .	83	8
However , Jak-2 inhibition by AG490 did not affect IL-28A-induced migration of UMUC-3 cells .	
Using the p38MAPK inhibitor SB203580 and the dominant-negative plasmid DN-p38 , we found evidence that the inhibition of p38MAPK signaling suppressed the effects of IL-28A including wound-healing migration and MMP-9 expression by activation of NF-κB and AP-1 binding in UMUC-3 cells .	
IL-28A also induced the activation of p38MAPK and Jak2-Stat2 signaling .	921	92	9
Furthermore , treatment of the cells with IL-28A significantly promoted MMP-9 expression via binding activities of NF-κB and AP-1 .	
Although exogenous IL-28A showed no effect on cell proliferation , a wound-healing migration assay showed that the migration of UMUC-3 cells was induced by IL-28A .	
IL-28A and its receptor IL-28AR1 mRNA were detected in UMUC-3 cells .	9	93
The present study was intended to verify the effect of IL-28A on the migration of UMUC-3 bladder cancer cells .	
Although interleukin-28A ( IL-28A ) is believed to have an antiviral effect , its role in tumor migration requires further examination .	
Collectively , we suggest for the first time that the p38MAPK pathway mediates IL-28A-induced cell migration through MMP-9 expression by activating NF-κB and AP-1 binding motifs .	11	1
Therefore , OP-B is a prospective inhibitor of PI3K/Akt and may be used as an alternative compound to treat NSCLC .	
We conclude that PRMT6 acts as an oncogene in breast cancer cells , promoting growth and preventing senescence , making it an attractive target for cancer therapy .	42	4
We finally show that bypassing the p21-mediated arrest rescues PRMT6 KD cells from senescence , and it restores their ability to grow on soft agar .	42	4
PRMT6 knock-down ( KD ) results in a p21 derepression in breast cancer cells , which is p53-independent , and leads to cell cycle arrest , cellular senescence and reduced growth in soft agar assays and in severe combined immunodeficiency ( SCID ) mice for all the cancer lines examined .	91	9	42	4
Rare de novo CNVs identified in CHD trios exhibit paternal origin bias .	
Consistent with this role , p21 is a downstream target of several tumour suppressors and oncogenes , and it is downregulated in the majority of tumours , including breast cancer .	
p21 is a potent cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor that plays a role in promoting G1 cell cycle arrest and cellular senescence .	
These results suggest the regulatory mechanisms of SMYD3 on the acceleration of cell cycle and facilitate the development of strategies that may inhibit the progression of cell cycle in breast cancer cells .	511	5	51
Here we show that C141 can be readily alkylated in the native SPL by an iodoacetamide treatment , suggesting that it is accessible to the TpT radical .	
SP repair by the SPL C141A mutant yields TpTSO(2)(-) and TpT simultaneously from the very beginning of the reaction ; no lag phase is observed for TpTSO(2)(-) formation .	
Spontaneous tumors have never been observed in spalacids .	
Should any other protein residue serve as the H donor , its presence would result in TpT being the major product at least for the first enzyme turnover .	
An epithelial cell line , referred to as A163 , was established from breast carcinoma derived from a patient with a strong family history of breast cancer but no known breast cancer susceptibility mutation .	
A163 was propagated in a serum-free culture medium including the epidermal growth factor .	
Immunophenotypic characterization demonstrated a mixed luminal and basal-like phenotype .	
When epidermal growth factor was excluded from the culture medium , A163 entered a quiescent period followed by a period of increased cell proliferation in a subpopulation of the cells .	9	92
The epidermal growth factor-independent subpopulation retained the basal-like phenotype of the parental cell line .	
Karyotype and fluorescent in situ hybridization analysis showed an amplification of epidermal growth factor receptor on 7q in A163-S1 only , resulting in high expression of total and phosphorylated epidermal growth factor receptor .	9	93
The A163-S1 sub-line piles up in culture , indicating a loss of contact inhibition .	5	52
When grown on transwell filters , A163 shows basal expression of P63 and cytokeratin 14 , whereas A163-S1 expresses P63 ubiquitously , and has lost the basal specific expression of cytokeratin 14 , indicating a loss of polarity .	
Furthermore , when cultured in reconstituted basement membrane matrix , A163 form polarized normal like acini .	
In contrast , A163-S1 form large disorganized structures with lack of polarity .	
A common source of radiation exposure is through its use in medical diagnostics or treatments such as for cancer radiotherapy where relatively high doses are received by patients .	
In nude mice inoculated with 1205Lu melanoma cells , a preventive protocol with halofuginone inhibited bone metastasis .	1	12
The beneficial effects of halofuginone treatment were comparable with those observed with other anti-TGF-β strategies , including systemic administration of SD208 , a small-molecule inhibitor of TGF-β receptor I kinase , or forced overexpression of Smad7 , a negative regulator of TGF-β signaling .	
In addition , halofuginone reduced expression of TGF-β target genes that enhance bone metastases , including PTHrP , CTGF , CXCR4 , and IL11 .	1	92	12	9
Also , cell apoptosis was increased in response to halofuginone .	8	81
Here , we show for the first time that halofuginone therapy decreases development and progression of bone metastasis caused by melanoma cells through the inhibition of TGF-β signaling .	1	12
These data suggested that the Pu-erh tea reversed the immunosenescence by restoring the immune deficiency and decreasing pro-inflammatory cytokine .	
TGF-β derived from bone fuels melanoma bone metastases by inducing tumor secretion of prometastatic factors that act on bone cells to change the skeletal microenvironment .	
Halofuginone is a plant alkaloid derivative that blocks TGF-β signaling with antiangiogenic and antiproliferative properties .	
To understand the mechanisms responsible for this resistance , we examined the growth of BMR fibroblasts in vitro of the species Spalax judaei and Spalax golani .	
Thus , long term drinking of Pu-erh tea may be beneficial for the aged population in terms of increasing the body's resistance to infection and cancer .	
Finally , knockdown of SLUG induced the down-regulation of Bcl-2 and up-regulation of E-cadherin .	
Furthermore , mice with established bone metastases treated with halofuginone had significantly less osteolysis than mice receiving placebo assessed by radiography .	1	12
Thus , halofuginone is also effective in reducing the progression of melanoma bone metastases .	1	12
CONCLUSION These results indicate that SLUG is a newly identified gene associated with lung cancer growth and metastasis .	
B[a]P is metabolically activated through multiple routes , one of which is catalyzed by aldo-keto reductase ( AKR ) to B[a]P-7,8-dione ( BPQ ) .	
Ionizing radiation ( IR ) is a major DNA damaging agent that can be produced by both natural and man-made sources .	
Truncation of the Rag1 protein was characterized by the complete depletion of mature B cells .	
The remaining T cell population contained mature CD4+/CD3+/TCR\u03b1\u03b2+ as well as CD8+/CD3+/TCR\u03b1\u03b2+ positive lymphocytes accompanied by a compensatory increase of natural killer cells in the peripheral blood .	
This is the first description of site-specific AcH-Hb adducts occurring in vivo .	61	611	6
The routine detection of such adducts has potential for characterizing usual alcohol intake .	61	611	6
Resulting frame shift mutations led to functional gene ablations in zebra fish , mice , pigs and also in laboratory rats .	
Neural stem cells ( NSCs ) are considered to be the cell of origin of glioblastoma multiforme ( GBM ) .	
BACKGROUND Engineered zinc-finger nucleases ( ZFN ) represented an innovative method for the genome manipulation in vertebrates .	
Blind mole rats Spalax ( BMR ) are small subterranean rodents common in the Middle East .	
The presence of higher amounts of " fast " Hb in heavy drinker relative to abstainer samples suggested the presence of alcohol-consumption related modifications .	
To further examine Hb for modifications , tryptic peptides of the " fast " hemoglobin HbA1c were isolated and analyzed by plasma desorption mass spectrometry ( PDMS). [ 14C]acetaldehyde ( AcH)-Hb was synthesized in vivo for use as a standard .	
Chromatographic , peptide mapping and mass spectrometric analysis were used to examine hemoglobin ( Hb ) from heavy drinkers and abstainers for alcohol consumption-related modifications .	
Heavy drinker and abstainer hemoglobin samples contained similar amounts of glycosylated Hb and significantly different ( p < 0.05 ) amounts of " fast " hemoglobin .	
A comparison of the observed mass for the peptides with the theoretical masses for acetaldehyde-modified Hb peptides suggested that the peptides were AcH-modified alpha and beta chain N-termini of Hb .	
The modified peptides were found in five of six heavy drinker samples .	
Specific peptides were chosen based on co-migration with radiolabeled peptides from a tryptic digest of the [ 14C]acetaldehyde-Hb .	
The masses obtained by PDMS for two heavy drinker peptides were identical to two radiolabeled peptides ; the two pairs of peptides co-migrated on HPLC .	
BMR is distinguished by its adaptations to life underground , remarkable longevity ( with a maximum documented lifespan of 21 y ) , and resistance to cancer .	
An Slx4-Rtt107 complex counteracts the checkpoint adaptor Rad9 by physically interacting with Dpb11 and phosphorylated histone H2A , two positive regulators of Rad9-dependent Rad53 activation .	
On replication stress , cells lacking Slx4 or Rtt107 show hyperactivation of the downstream DDC kinase Rad53 , whereas activation of the upstream DDC kinase Mec1 remains normal .	
We propose that the Slx4-Rtt107 complex modulates Rad53 activation by a competition-based mechanism that balances the engagement of Rad9 at replication-induced lesions .	
A decrease in DDC signalling results from hypomorphic mutations in RAD53 and H2A and rescues the hypersensitivity to replication stress of cells lacking Slx4 or Rtt107 .	
Because hyperactivated DDC signalling can lead to a persistent and detrimental cell-cycle arrest , cells must tightly regulate the activity of the kinases involved in this pathway .	
The results demonstrate that : ( a ) the growth inhibition of ICI D1694 is a function of time and schedule ; ( b ) the growth inhibition is accompanied by extensive DNA single-strand breaks and slow repair ; ( c ) at 1 microM ICI D1694 , 3 microMs dThd and 5 microMs [ 6RS]LV can completely rescue cells from drug effects when dThd is added up to 4 h following drug treatment or when [ 6RS]LV is given in combination with the drug ; ( d ) interference of [ 6RS]LV with ICI D1694 action may be occurring at the level of drug uptake and at intracellular targets , while dThd interferes with the drug action at intracellular targets .	612	61	6
Here we show that the DNA-repair scaffolding proteins Slx4 and Rtt107 prevent the aberrant hyperactivation of DDC signalling by lesions that are generated during DNA replication in Saccharomyces cerevisiae .	62	6
Despite their importance , the mechanisms for monitoring and modulating DDC signalling are not fully understood .	
AD exhibited more pronounced oxidative status , with reduction in catalase activity and TRAP , intense lipid peroxidation and high levels of NO , TBARs , and carbonyl content .	a21	a2	a
In addition , the promotion of apoptosis may play a key role in the mechanisms involved in the transplacental effects on mammary tumor development as seen using a 15% olive-oil diet , similar to the high fat diets of Mediterranean countries .	8	81
We conclude that exposure to various diets in utero and during lactation affects the immune system .	2	21
These findings underscore the complex regulatory properties and molecular interactions of CaMKII\u03b1 , a key player in synaptic plasticity .	
However , bioluminescent methods offer several advantages like low background and no effect of fluorescent compound interference .	
More research and randomized clinical trials need to be conducted to definitively characterize random mutations .	63	6
Here , we found that both endoplasmic reticulum ( ER ) stress and autophagy were induced by UA in MCF-7 human breast cancer cells .	82	8
Our results are consistent with a model for frameshift mutagenesis in which the acetylaminofluorene adduct ( i ) allows accurate incorporation of cytosine opposite the bulky lesion during DNA synthesis and ( ii ) impedes elongation of primer/template termini formed opposite the adduct or 5 ' to the adduct on the template strand , providing increased opportunity for the formation of slipped frameshift intermediates .	61	63	611	6
No semitargeted frameshifts were observed in plasmid pSG4 , which lacks a repetitive sequence 5 ' to the adduct .	61	63	611	6
Semitargeted events , which were observed when acetylaminofluorene modification was at G1 and G2 , show that a lesion can reduce the fidelity of replication at positions 5 ' to its location on the template strand .	
DNA sequencing showed that -1 frameshift events in pS3G-1 consisted of either targeted mutations ( greater than 90% of induced mutations ) within the guanine sequence or semitargeted mutations ( greater than 10% ) in the 5 ' flanking repetitive cytosine sequence .	63	6
Mutagenesis was SOS-dependent and was markedly reduced in bacteria that were proficient in nucleotide excision repair as compared to a repair-deficient uvrA6 mutant .	62	63	6
In Escherichia coli , the frequency of induced -1 frameshift mutations was strongly dependent on the position of modification : pS3G-G3 was approximately 100-fold and 10-fold more mutagenic than pS3G-G1 and pS3G-G2 , respectively ; pSG4-G4 was approximately 600-fold more mutagenic than pSG4-G1 .	63	6
We have constructed plasmids pS3G-1 and pSG4 that contain single acetylaminofluorene adducts within contiguous runs of three ( 5'-CCCG1G2G3-3' ) and four ( 5'-CG1GGG4T-3' ) guanine residues , respectively .	
The expression of E-cadherin was correlated inversely with the metastasis of breast carcinoma .	1	12
The parathyroid tissue showed a very well defined zellballen arrangement of paraganglion cells within the parenchyma of the parathyroid gland .	
Silencing M3 receptor or ChAT by specific-siRNAs resulted in a growth inhibition of 55.5% and 37.9% on H1299 cells 96 h post transfection , respectively .	
These findings demonstrate that PIM2-dependent phosphorylation of PKM2 is critical for regulating the Warburg effect in cancer , highlighting PIM2 as a potential therapeutic target .	31	3
Further studies revealed that treatment with R2HBJJ arrested the cell cycle in G0/G1 by down-regulation of cyclin D1-CDK4/6-Rb .	9	51	91	5	511
The presence and relative abundance of 4 selected differentially abundant proteins ( liprin-α1 , fascin , DAP5 , and β-arrestin-1 ) were quantified and validated by immunohistochemistry .	
In conclusion , unlike in vitro cell culture models , the in vivo signaling proteins and pathways that we have identified directly from human breast cancer tissues may serve as relevant therapeutic targets for the pharmacological intervention of breast cancer .	
Exogenous replenish of ACh could attenuate R2HBJJ-induced growth inhibition .	
R2HBJJ presented a strong anticholinergic activity on carbachol-induced contraction of guinea-pig trachea .	
Two-dimensional 1H-1H NMR was used to study the solution conformations of the peptide 11 analogs .	
The Gly7-->L-Ala7 analog was much less capable of invasion inhibition .	11	1
On 3 x 10(6) AmIL-2 cells stimulation , three out of six mice developed tumours but the mass and volume of the tumours were smaller than the other two groups .	
NOESY experiments revealed close NH-NH contacts in peptide 11 and the D-Ala7 analog , but not in the L-Ala7 analog .	
A high affinity laminin receptor in tumor cells is thought to be blocked by the carboxyl-terminal YIGSR , and conformational energy calculations suggest that the glycine in YIGSR allows an important conformational bend .	
Peptide 11 , CDPGYIGSR-NH2 , is a segment of laminin which blocks tumor cell invasion .	
We found the Gly7-->D-Ala7 analog to be equal to peptide 11 in inhibiting tumor cell invasion of basement membrane matrix .	11	1
We replaced the YIGSR glycine residue in peptide 11 with either D-alanine or L-alanine to allow or disfavor the proposed glycine bend .	
The IL-2 gene was transduced via a bicistronic retroviral vector into the ACC-M cells .	
These proteins are indicators of metastasis potential and prognosis of breast carcinoma .	1	12
Gene therapy could be a potentially effective therapy for ACC and its metastasis .	
Adenoid cystic carcinoma ( ACC ) of the salivary glands is a highly infiltrative malignant tumour with a tendency for lung metastasis .	
There was no difference in the growth rate and the DNA count between the ACC-M , AmGCEN , and AmIL-2 cell cultures .	
The tumours developed were extracted and compared quantitatively and histologically .	
The tumourigenic ability of the three cell lines was verified by inoculation in athymic nude mice .	
CONCLUSION Expression of E-cadherin , N-cadherin , and MMP-9 are associated strongly with lymph node metastasis of breast carcinoma .	1	12
Lung cancers express the cholinergic autocrine loop , which facilitates the progression of cancer cells .	
The antagonists of mAChRs have been demonstrated to depress the growth of small cell lung cancers ( SCLCs ) .	
In addition , the effect of parthenolide on orthotropic implantation in vivo was evaluated using an intracerebral human glioblastoma xenograft model .	
In vitro experiments were performed to assess tepoxalin-associated alterations in tumour cell growth .	
The purpose of this study was to determine the impact of the non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug tepoxalin on canine tumour cell growth and describe the changes associated with tepoxalin treatment .	
Vascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF ) production and hypoxia-inducible factor-1α dose-dependently increased in vitro in the presence of tepoxalin .	71	7	711
Clinically achievable tepoxalin concentrations did not significantly alter tumour cell growth in vitro .	
Despite increased VEGF in vitro , there was a significant growth delay associated with tepoxalin treatment .	71	7	711
A canine osteosarcoma xenograft was used to determine in vivo effects of tepoxalin on tumour growth and angiogenesis .	7	71
These data suggest that tepoxalin may moderately inhibit tumour growth and may be administered as an analgesic to tumour-bearing dogs .	
Normal dogs were administered tepoxalin to assess effects on systemic VEGF production , but not found to have significantly increased VEGF .	71	7	711
In most cases of acute promyelocytic leukemia , the PML and retinoic acid receptor alpha ( RARA ) genes are translocated , resulting in expression of oncogenic PML-RAR\u03b1 fusion proteins .	
The PML protein and PML nuclear bodies ( PML-NB ) are implicated in multiple cellular functions relevant to tumor suppression , including DNA damage response .	
We examined the involvement of PML protein and PML-NB in homologous recombinational repair ( HRR ) of chromosomal DNA double-strand breaks .	
PML-NB fail to form normally , and promyelocytes remain in an undifferentiated , abnormally proliferative state .	
Knockdown of PML by RNA interference sharply attenuated formation of PML-NB and reduced HRR by up to 20-fold .	
Transient overexpression of wild-type PML protein isoforms produced hugely enlarged or aggregated PML-NB and reduced HRR by suggesting that HRR depends to some extent upon normal PML-NB structure .	
These findings indicate that early steps in HRR , including recognition of DNA double-strand breaks , initial processing of ends , and assembly of single-stranded DNA/RAD51 nucleoprotein filaments , do not depend upon PML-NB .	
However , PML-knockdown cells showed apparently normal induction of H2AX phosphorylation and RAD51 foci after DNA damage by ionizing radiation .	
At the end of maintenance/promotion phase , the incidences , multiplicity and size of foci was similar between control and low dose groups , while those of mid and high dose groups were increased .	
Hepatocellular altered foci , detected by glutathione S-transferase-placental type ( \u03c0 ) immunohistochemistry , were present beginning with the high dose group at 8 weeks and extending to all MEG groups at 16 weeks .	
Thus , MEG had rapid initiating activity , reflecting the formation of DNA adducts and possibly cell proliferation .	61	611	6
Hepatocellular adenomas occurred in the mid and high dose groups , attaining higher multiplicity and size with PB .	
In an experiment to elucidate its mode of action in rat liver , male F344 rats were administered MEG intragastrically at 3 doses per week for up to 16 weeks in an initiation phase , after which half the rats were fed 500 ppm phenobarbital ( PB ) in the diet to promote liver neoplasia and the other half were maintained on control diet for 24 weeks .	
Methyleugenol ( MEG ) , a constituent of plants used in the human diet , is hepatocarcinogenic in rodents .	
The hepatocellular replicating fractions , measured by proliferating cell nuclear antigen immunohistochemistry , were doubled or more in all MEG groups .	91	9
At 8 and 16 week interim terminations , ( 32)P-nucleotide postlabeling assay revealed 3 adducts in livers of all MEG groups .	61	611	6
HM781-36B could be a promising treatment for HER2-amplified breast cancer as a single agent or in combination with cytotoxic agents and can be a candidate for treatment of HER2-nonamplified breast cancer in combination with cytotoxic agents .	9	93
Nicotine is the addictive component of tobacco acting on neuronal nicotinic receptors ( nAChR ) .	
Nowadays , tobacco smoking is the cause of million deaths per year , counting 31% and 6% of all cancer deaths ( affecting 18 different organs ) in middle-aged men and women , respectively .	
Although nicotine itself is regularly not referred to as a carcinogen , there is an ongoing debate whether nicotine functions as a ' tumour promoter ' .	
Functional nAChR , are also present on endothelial , haematological and epithelial cells .	
Nicotine seems involved in fundamental aspects of the biology of malignant diseases , as well as of neurodegeneration .	
Nicotine , with its specific binding to nAChR , deregulates essential biological processes like regulation of cell proliferation , apoptosis , migration , invasion , angiogenesis , inflammation and cell-mediated immunity in a wide variety of cells including foetal ( regulation of development ) , embryonic and adult stem cells , adult tissues as well as cancer cells .	
Investigating the biological effects of nicotine may provide new tools for therapeutic interventions and for the understanding of neurodegenerative diseases and tumour biology .	
We propose new family names for the genera Scotocerca and Erythrocercus , Scotocercidae and Erythrocercidae , respectively , rather than including these in Cettiidae , and we formally propose the name Macrosphenidae , which has been in informal use for some time .	
We also briefly discuss the problems of providing a morphological diagnosis when proposing a new family-group name ( or genus-group name ) based on a clade .	
INTRODUCTION Characterized by the development of hundreds to thousands of colonic adenomas , classic familial adenomatous polyposis ( FAP ) is one of the most common hereditary syndromes associated with an increased risk of colorectal cancer .	
This finding is consistent with experimental data that indicate that IGFBP-3 can inhibit cellular proliferation and induce apoptosis independent of IGF-I and the IGF-I receptor .	9	81	8
In contrast , CD70-positive glioma cells induced apoptosis in peripheral blood mononuclear cells ( PBMCs ) in a CD70-dependent manner .	8	81
Unexpectedly , CD70 expressed on glioma cells did not increase the immunogenicity of glioma cells in vitro .	
The latter is the major component of the previously described MscM activity ( pS ) , while YnaI ( pS ) and YbiO ( pS ) were previously unknown .	
Here we complete the identification of the remaining E. coli mechanosensitive channels YnaI , YbiO and YjeP .	
Thus , induction of B-cell and T-cell apoptosis via interactions of CD70 expressed on glioma cells and CD27 expressed on B and T cells may be a novel way for the immune escape of malignant gliomas .	2	81	21	8
At autopsy mammary tumors were removed and prepared for immunohistochemical and histomorphological analysis .	
Conversely , the shedding of CD27 by PBMCs was identified as a possible escape mechanism from glioma cell-induced CD70-dependent apoptosis .	8	81
Our results suggested a novel mechanism and bioactivity of harmine , which inhibited tumor growth by activating the p53 signaling pathway and blocking angiogenesis in endothelial cells .	7	71
Harmine also prevented p53 degradation in the presence of cycloheximide and activated nuclear accumulation of p53 followed by increasing its transcriptional activity in endothelial cells .	
Harmine induced p53 phosphorylation and disrupted the p53-MDM2 interaction .	
Finally , harmine inhibited tumor growth by reducing tumor angiogenesis , as demonstrated by a xenograft tumor model .	7	71
Moreover , harmine not only induced endothelial cell cycle arrest and apoptosis , but also suppressed endothelial cell migration and tube formation as well as induction of neovascularity in a mouse corneal micropocket assay .	9	71	51	511	5	7	91	8	81
Reactivation of the p53 by small molecules has emerged as a promising new strategy for cancer therapy .	
Activation of p53 effectively inhibits tumor angiogenesis that is necessary for tumor growth and metastasis .	
Here , we identified harmine ( β-carboline alkaloid ) as a novel activator of p53 signaling involved in inhibition of angiogenesis and tumor growth .	
Therapy-induced senescence ( TIS ) , a cytostatic stress response in cancer cells , is induced inefficiently by current anticancer agents and radiation .	
Therapeutic strategies coupling antitumor agents with inhibition of immunosuppressive cells potentially could impact the outcomes of more than 250,000 people each year .	2	22
Thus , we propose an alternative explanation for the resistance of recurrent tumors .	
Surgery promotes inhibitory factors that allow lingering immunosuppressive cells to repopulate small pockets of residual disease quickly .	2	22
Recurrent tumors and draining lymph nodes are infiltrated with M2 ( CD11b(+)F4/80(hi)CD206(hi) and CD11b(+)F4/80(hi)CD124(hi) ) macrophages and CD4(+)Foxp3(+) regulatory T cells .	
This complex network of immunosuppression in the surrounding tumor microenvironment explains the resistance of tumor recurrences to conventional cancer vaccines despite small tumor size , an intact antitumor immune response , and unaltered cancer cells .	2	22
Each year , more than 700,000 people undergo cancer surgery in the United States .	
However , more than 40% of those patients develop recurrences and have a poor outcome .	
Traditionally , the medical community has assumed that recurrent tumors arise from selected tumor clones that are refractory to therapy .	
However , we found that tumor cells have few phenotypical differences after surgery .	
We demonstrated for the first time that an RNA-directed nucleoside analog , ECyd , exerts its antitumor activity via downregulation of a novel regulator of apoptosis , TIGAR .	8	81
Moreover , ECyd may represent a novel therapy for NPC .	
Taken together , these data indicate that oxaliplatin activates autophagy as a cytoprotective response via ER stress and ROS in human colorectal cancer cells .	82	8
Furthermore , numerous dilated endoplasmic reticula ( ER ) were present in oxaliplatin-treated Caco-2 cells , and blocking ER stress by RNA interference against candidate of metastasis-1 ( P8 ) and C/EBP-homologous protein ( CHOP ) decreased autophagy and ROS production .	a	a21	a2	82	8
Blocking oxaliplatin-induced ROS production by using ROS scavengers ( NAC or Tiron ) decreased autophagy .	a	a21	a2	82	8
The suppression of autophagy using either pharmacologic inhibitors ( 3-methyladenine , bafilomycin A1 ) or RNA interference in essential autophagy genes ( ATG5 or Beclin1 ) enhanced the cell death and reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) production induced by oxaliplatin in Caco-2 cells .	a	a21	a2	82	8
In this study , we showed that oxaliplatin induced cell death and autophagy in Caco-2 colorectal cancer cells .	82	8
However , the role of autophagy in oxaliplatin-induced cell death remains to be clarified .	
Accumulating evidence indicates that autophagy plays a significant role in response to cancer therapy .	
Oxaliplatin is included in a number of effective combination regimens used as first and subsequent lines of therapy for metastatic colorectal cancer .	
Taken together , our results suggest that Nrf2KO attenuates anti-oxidative stress pathway , induces inflammation , and increases proliferative potential in the intestinal crypts leading to enhanced intestinal carcinogenesis and adenomas in Apc(min/+) . © 2012 Wiley Periodicals , Inc .	a21	a2	a
Both 0.01 and 0.1μM prazosin in cell line A and 0.01μM prazosin in cell line B did not cause differential expressions of tested genes .	
However , 0.1μM prazosin caused remarkable up-regulation of IL6 gene and slightly up-regulation of CCL2 gene in cell line B. In conclusion , high therapeutic concentration of prazosin can up-regulate angiogenic IL6 and CCL2 genes in human HCC cells susceptible to amphotericin B-induced oxidative stress .	a21	71	a2	a	7
Two HCC cell lines including one without susceptible to amphotericin B-induced oxidative stress ( cell line A ; HCC24/KMUH ) and one with this effect ( cell line B ; HCC38/KMUH ) were investigated by 0.01 and 0.1μM prazosin .	
The premixed WST-1 cell proliferation reagent was applied for proliferation assay .	
Differential expressions of genes were examined by quantitative reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction .	
Our results showed that both 0.01 and 0.1μM prazosin did not influence cell proliferation in both cell lines .	
Alteration of the oxidative stress of hepatocellular carcinoma ( HCC ) cells can influence the expressions of genes favored angiogenesis .	
Quinone reductase 2 which can activate quinones leading to reactive oxygen species production is a melatonin receptor known as MT3 .	
Prazosin prescribed for benign prostate hyperplasia and hypertension is a potent antagonist for MT3 .	
This study was to investigate the influence of therapeutic concentrations of prazosin ( 0.01 and 0.1μM ) on cell proliferation and differential expressions of CCL2 , CCL20 , CXCL6 , CXCL10 , IL8 and IL6 genes related to inflammation and/or oxidative stress in human HCC cell lines .	
Coimmunoprecipitation revealed that AR3 and Vav3 interact .	
Conversely , overexpression of Vav3 resulted in increased nuclear AR3 .	
These novel data demonstrating physical and functional interactions between Vav3 , a unique AR coactivator , and an AR splice variant provide insights into the mechanisms by which Vav3 exploits and enhances AR signaling in the progression to CRPC .	
Mutation rate was higher in women ( 55.9% ) than in men ( 42.2% ) , and there was no difference in mutation rates between smokers and non-smokers ; patients in stage IIIB and stage IV ; adenocarcinoma and non-adenocarcinoma .	63	6
CONCLUSIONS EGFR somatic mutations appear to occur frequently in Chinese .	63	6
Furthermore , repair of 3MeA in this region is highly dependent on Aag , but repair of 7MeG is equally efficient in the repair proficient , BER deficient , and NER deficient cell lines .	62	6
The results show that both 3MeA and 7MeG are removed without strand bias from the dhfr gene of BER deficient ( Aag deficient ) and NER deficient murine cell lines .	62	6
These results demonstrate that NER , but not TCR , contributes to the repair of 7MeG , and to a lesser extent 3MeA .	62	6
Strikingly , in the absence of both BER and NER , neither 7MeG nor 3MeA is repaired .	62	6
OBJECTIVE To investigate the mutations of epidermal growth factor receptor ( EGFR ) in tumor tissue and pleural effusion in advanced non-small cell lung cancer ( NSCLC ) patients , and to analyze the relationship between EGFR mutations and the clinicopathologic characteristics .	
While both TIMP-1 and TIMP-2 were expressed in non-neoplastic lungs ( NNL ) as well as in carcinomas , stromelysin 3 ( ST3 ) , 92 kDa gelatinase and interstitial collagenase were expressed only by carcinomas .	
Twenty-nine different EGFR mutations in exons 18-21 were assessed by scorpions and amplification refractory mutation system ( scorpions ARMS ) using real time PCR .	
The relationship between the EGFR mutations and clinical parameters was analyzed using statistical methods .	
EGFR mutation of 37 cases were detected with direct sequencing , and assessed the sensitivity , the specificity and the accuracy of scorpions ARMS .	
RESULTS EGFR somatic mutations were detected in 114 of 234 advanced NSCLC patients , with the mutation rate of 48.7% , including deletions in exon 19 in 65 patients and point mutation of L858R in exon 21 in 39 patients ; both accounting for 91.2% ( 104/114 ) of all types of EGFR mutations .	63	6
The test results of 14 paired pleural effusion specimens were entirely the same to the tissues .	
The concordance rate of 2 different detection methods was 94.6% .	
Immunoblot analysis suggested that EGFR drives cells ' invasiveness capability mainly through phosphoinositide 3-kinase/protein kinase B and phospholipase C γ downstream pathways .	11	1
Surprisingly , changes to EGFR expression affected cell proliferation activities less significantly as determined by a 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide ( MTT ) assay , an anchorage-independent growth assay , and cell cycle analysis .	91	93	9
It could have application in delaying relapse in tamoxifen-treated breast cancer patients who are at risk of developing ER-negative tumors .	
METHODS The role of EGFR in BMBC was explored by serial analyses in a brain-trophic clone of human MDA-MB-231 breast carcinoma cells ( 231-BR cells ) .	
However , the exact contribution that EGFR makes to BMBC remains unclear .	
Recent work has demonstrated that deregulation of epidermal growth factor receptor ( EGFR ) may correlate with BMBC progression .	
BACKGROUND Brain-metastatic breast cancer ( BMBC ) is increasing and poses a severe clinical problem because of the lack of effective treatments and because the underlying molecular mechanisms are largely unknown .	
Also , EGFR inhibition significantly decreased brain metastases of 231-BR cells in vivo .	9	93	12	1
RESULTS EGFR inhibition or activation strongly affected 231-BR cell migration/invasion activities as assessed by an adhesion assay , a wound-healing assay , a Boyden chamber invasion assay , and cytoskeleton staining .	11	93	1	9
Cell growth and invasion activities also were analyzed in vitro and in vivo .	
EGFR expression was inhibited by stable short-hairpin RNA transfection or by the kinase inhibitor erlotinib , and it was activated by heparin-binding epidermal growth factor-like growth factor ( HB-EGF ) .	
On multivariate analysis , distant recurrence was associated with a high frequency of EGFR mutations ( OR , 3.3 ; P = 0.028 ) .	9	93	63	6
Patients with distant recurrence were more likely to have EGFR mutations than patients with local recurrence ( 48% versus 23% ; P = 0.024 ) .	9	93	63	6
Thirty-four of the 86 patients ( 40% ) harbored EGFR mutations .	9	93	63	6
RESULTS Thirty patients presented with local recurrence and distant recurrence was identified in 56 .	
Corresponding surgical specimens of primary tumors were used to test for EGFR mutations .	
The start of tyrosine kinase inhibitor therapy was treated as a censoring event .	
MATERIALS AND METHODS We reviewed clinical data on 86 female patients who had postoperative recurrent disease between December 1992 and July 2007 .	
PURPOSE We did this retrospective study to explore the association between epidermal growth factor receptor ( EGFR ) mutation and clinical features in postoperative recurrent female non-small-cell lung cancer ( NSCLC ) .	
CONCLUSION The association between recurrence pattern and EGFR mutation status was suggested in recurrent female NSCLC patients .	9	93	63	6
Survival analysis showed poor survival of patients with mutated EGFR ( HR , 2.3 ; P = 0.017 ) or with non-adenocarcinoma histology ( HR , 3.3 ; P = 0.001 ) .	9	93	63	6
B , T and Natural killer ( NK ) cells containing high levels of Lf were identified in 4T1 tumors , suggesting they had migrated from the intestine .	
Comparison of our results with similar engineering efforts on a different nanopore ( \u03b1-hemolysin ) reveals a nontrivial effect of nanopore geometry on the ionic current blockades in mutant nanopores .	
Simulation of several arginine mutations show a fold reduction of DNA translocation speed without eliminating the nucleotide induced current blockages .	
In this technique , single-stranded DNA electrophoretically moves through the nanopore and results in an ionic current that is nucleotide-specific .	
The protein nanopore Mycobacteria smegmatis porin A ( MspA ) , can be used to sense individual nucleotides within DNA , potentially enabling a technique known as nanopore sequencing .	
Through extensive ( \u03bcs in total ) all-atom molecular dynamics simulations , we examine the effect of positively charged residues on DNA translocation rate and the ionic current blockades in MspA .	
However , with a high transport velocity of the DNA within the nanopore , the ionic current cannot be used to distinguish signals within noise .	
SWCNTs also elevated the level of M1dG DNA adducts at 1 , 5 , 10 and 40 \u03bcg/cm(2) after the 48-h treatment , but both CNTs decreased M1dG adduct level at several doses after the 72-h treatment .	
In BEAS 2B cells , SWCNTs induced a statistically significant increase in DNA damage at 80 and 120 \u03bcg/cm(2) after the 24-h treatment and in M1dG adduct level at 5 \u03bcg/cm(2) after 48 h and 10 and 40 \u03bcg/cm(2) after 72 h ; MWCNTs did not affect the level of DNA damage but produced a decrease in M1dG adducts in the 72-h treatment .	
Transmission electron microscopy ( TEM ) showed more MWCNT fibres and SWCNT clusters in BEAS 2B than MeT-5A cells , but no significant differences were seen in intracellular dose expressed as area of SWCNT clusters between TEM sections of the cell lines .	
In MeT-5A cells , both CNTs caused a dose-dependent induction of DNA damage ( % DNA in comet tail ) in the 48-h treatment and SWCNTs additionally in the 24-h treatment , with a statistically significant increase at 40 \u03bcg/cm(2) of SWCNTs and ( after 48 h ) 80 \u03bcg/cm(2) of both CNTs .	
In BEAS 2B cells , we also studied the induction of micronuclei ( MN ) by the CNTs using the cytokinesis-block method .	
The cells were exposed to the CNTs ( 5-200 \u03bcg/cm(2) , corresponding to 19-760 \u03bcg/ml ) for 24 and 48h in the comet assay and for 48 and 72 h in the MN and M1dG assays .	
Although some types of carbon nanotubes ( CNTs ) have been described to induce mesothelioma in rodents and genotoxic effects in various cell systems , there are few previous studies on the genotoxicity of CNTs in mesothelial cells .	
Here , we examined in vitro DNA damage induction by short multi-wall CNTs ( MWCNTs ; 10-30 nm × 1-2 \u03bcm ) and single-wall CNTs ( SWCNTs ; >50% SWCNTs , other CNTs ; <2 nm × 1-5 \u03bcm ) in human mesothelial ( MeT-5A ) cells and bronchial epithelial ( BEAS 2B ) cells , using the single cell gel electrophoresis ( comet ) assay and the immunoslot blot assay for the detection of malondialdehyde ( M1dG ) DNA adducts .	
The CNTs did not affect the level of MN .	
In conclusion , MWCNTs and SWCNTs induced DNA damage in MeT-5A cells but showed a lower ( SWCNTs ) or no ( MWCNTs ) effect in BEAS 2B cells , suggesting that MeT-5A cells were more sensitive to the DNA-damaging effect of CNTs than BEAS 2B cells , despite the fact that more CNT fibres or clusters were seen in BEAS 2B than MeT-5A cells .	
Bone marrow and spleen cells from C57BL/6 donors were transplanted to semi-allogenic ( C57BL/6�BALB/c ) F1 or allogenic ( BALB/c ) recipients , and then treated with PIF1mg/kg/day/2weeks .	
We examine PIF's regulatory effect in vivo and in vitro , to control deleterious GVHD while maintaining its ability to preserve beneficial graft vs. leukemia ( GVL effect ) .	
The obtained effect was coupled with lessened skin ( semi-allogenic ) and decreased liver inflammation ( both models ) as well as reduced colon ulceration ( allogenic ) .	a	a2
Short-term PIF administration reduced acute GVHD in both models and increased survival for up to four months after semi-(or totally ) allogenic BMT .	
We reported that embryo-derived PreImplantation-Factor plays a determining role in developing maternal/host tolerance towards the semi/allogenic embryo and regulating systemic immune response .	
Bone marrow transplantation ( BMT ) , used to treat severe hematological malignancies , often leads to potentially fatal acute graft-versus-host disease ( GVHD ) , despite attempts for better matching and/or use of immune suppressive agents .	
Notably , forced overexpression of B-Myb could antagonize the killing effect of topotecan and camptothecin , demonstrating that the transcription factor is a key target of the drugs .	
Campothecin and topotecan caused selective down-regulation of B-Myb and MycN expression in neuroblastoma cells .	
We found that neuroblastoma cells with amplification of MYCN are more sensitive than MYCN negative cells to camptothecin and topotecan killing .	
One of the compounds , the topoisomerase-1 inhibitor camptothecin , is of considerable clinical interest since its derivatives topotecan and irinotecan are currently used as first and second line treatment agents for various types of cancer , including neuroblastoma .	
At the end of the screening , we found that the compounds pinafide , ellipticine and camptothecin inhibited B-Myb transcriptional activity in luciferase assays .	
Thus , we implemented a high throughput chemical screen , using a curated library of compounds from the National Cancer Institute , whose endpoint was the identification of small molecules that inhibited B-Myb .	
We postulated that pharmacological strategies breaking the B-MYB/MYCN axis should result in clinically desirable effects .	
We have previously reported that B-Myb is essentially required for transcription of the MYCN amplicon and have also shown that B-MYB and MYCN are engaged in a feed forward loop promoting the survival/proliferation of neuroblastoma cells .	
However , its strong expression caused by gene amplification in about 30% of neuroblastoma patients is a considerable obstacle to the development of therapeutic approaches aiming at eliminating its tumourigenic activity .	
The transcription factor MycN is the prototypical neuroblastoma oncogene and a potential therapeutic target .	
It prevented tamoxifen-induced reductions in serum levels of IL-18 and IFN-γ , and intestinal cells expressing IL-18 and IFN-γ .	
Cis-guggulsterone inhibited TPA-induced MMP expression by blocking IκB kinase ( IKK)/NF-κB signaling , whereas trans-guggulsterone blocked mitogen-activated protein kinase ( MAPK)/AP-1 signaling .	
Cis-guggulsterone was more potent than trans-guggulsterone in the inhibition of TPA-induced MMP-9 expression and invasion of MCF-7 cells .	11	1
Νuclear factor-κB ( NF-κB ) and activator protein-1 ( AP-1 ) are major transcription factors that have been associated with breast cancer metastasis by inducing matrix metalloproteinase-9 ( MMP-9 ) expression .	
In conclusion , the activation of cholinergic receptors in SCA-9 tumor cells promotes proliferation via muscarinic effector enzymes , and reveals the participation of NF-κB at this step of tumorigenesis .	
In addition , the suppression of MMP-9 expression correlated well with the inhibition of cell invasion .	11	1
Furthermore , we found that the combination of these isomers exerted an additive effect on the inhibition of MCF-7 cell invasion .	11	1
These results suggest that guggulsterone isomers downregulate MMP-9 expression and tumor cell invasion through the isomer-specific suppression of IKK/NF-κB and MAPK/AP-1 activation .	11	1
CONCLUSIONS IMT rarely occurs in nasal cavity and paranasal sinuses .	
The tumor is prone to local invasion and recurrences , with subsequent progression to frank malignancy and distant metastasis , resulting in high mortality and poor prognosis .	
Complete surgical resection remains the main modality of treatment .	
It increased the levels of Lf in leukocytes residing in gut-associated lymphoid tissues .	
Adipose tissue growth and development are thought to be associated with angiogenesis and extracellular matrix remodeling .	
Because ginseng has been shown to inhibit angiogenesis and matrix metalloproteinase ( MMP ) activity , we hypothesized that adipose tissue growth and obesity can be regulated by Korean ginseng ( Panax ginseng C.A. Meyer ) .	
Increased expression of Rho inhibitor GDI-2 stabilized the non-active Ras homolog gene family member A ( RhoA ) leading to a decreased expression of its active , membrane-bound form .	
Its downstream targets cofilin , CDC42 and G3BP1 are members of the GTPase family affected by lovastatin .	
Our data indicated that lovastatin modulated the E2F1-pathway through the regulation of expression of prohibitin and retinoblastoma ( Rb ) .	
This subsequently leads to changes of E2F-downstream targets minichromosome maintenance protein 7 ( MCM7 ) and MutS homolog 2 ( MSH2 ) .	
INTRODUCTION Statins are cholesterol-lowering drugs with pleiotropic activities including inhibition of isoprenylation and reduction of signals driving cell proliferation and survival responses .	
METHODS In this study we evaluated the effects of lovastatin acid and lactone on breast cancer MDAMB231 and MDAMB468 cells using a combination of proteomic and metabonomic profiling techniques .	
RESULTS Lovastatin inhibited proliferation of breast cancer cell lines .	
MDAMB231 cells were more sensitive to its effects , and in most cases lovastatin acid showed more potency towards the manipulation of protein expression than lovastatin lactone .	
Lovastatin also regulated the AKT-signaling pathway .	921	92	9
Increased phosphatase and tensin homolog ( PTEN ) and decreased DJ-1 expression lead to a down-regulation of the active pAkt .	921	92	9
Inhibition of HSP90AA1 has been shown to destabilize KIT protein by enhancing its degradation via the proteasome-dependent pathway .	
Here we show that expression of bovine papillomavirus E5 causes the retention of MHC I in the Golgi apparatus , thus preventing its transport to the cell surface .	
Heat shock protein 90 ( HSP90AA1 ) is a chaperone protein responsible for protein maturation and stability , and KIT is a known client protein of HSP90AA1 .	
Prolonged tyrosine kinase inhibitor ( TKI ) treatment may result in a resistant phenotype through acquired secondary KIT mutation .	
Gastrointestinal stromal tumor ( GIST ) is a prototype of mutant KIT oncogene-driven tumor .	
The high dose of selenomethionine reduced the severity of epithelial dysplasia in the lateral prostate that was not associated with inflammation , and alpha-tocopherol reduced in a dose-related fashion the incidence of marked inflammation and marked epithelial dysplasia in the lateral prostate , regardless of whether these lesions were associated with inflammation. alpha-Tocopherol significantly increased the incidence of adenocarcinomas of the mammary glands at both dietary concentrations .	a	a2
Food intake , body weight , and mortality were also not affected .	
Finally , an in vivo murine model of CLL shows that nanoliposomal C6-ceramide treatment elicits tumor regression , concomitant with GAPDH downregulation .	
Collectively , our findings suggest that selenomethionine and alpha-tocopherol supplementation does not prevent prostate cancer in rats fed diets with nutritionally adequate levels of selenium and vitamin E. Importantly , the results of the current animal studies and those reported previously were fully predictive of the outcome of the Selenium and Vitamin E Cancer Prevention Trial .	
In this study , we examined the potential of selenomethionine and alpha-tocopherol to modulate prostate cancer development in the testosterone plus estradiol-treated NBL rat , a model that does involve sex hormone-induced oxidative stress mechanisms and prostatic inflammation .	
Previous studies with selenium and/or vitamin E in prostate carcinogenesis animal models have been negative , but these models may not involve oxidative stress mechanisms .	
The development of prostate carcinomas was not affected by dietary treatment with either agent .	
One week following the implantation with hormone-filled Silastic implants , rats were fed diets containing l-selenomethionine ( 1.5 or 3.0 mg/kg ) , DL-alpha-tocopherol acetate ( 2,000 or 4,000 mg/kg ) , or a natural ingredient control diet ( NIH-07 ) .	
In the central nervous system , levels of extraneuronal dopamine are controlled primarily by the action of the dopamine transporter ( DAT ) .	
Multiple signaling pathways regulate transport activity , substrate efflux , and other DAT functions through currently unknown mechanisms .	
DAT is phosphorylated by protein kinase C within a serine cluster at the distal end of the cytoplasmic N terminus , whereas recent work in model cells revealed proline-directed phosphorylation of rat DAT at membrane-proximal residue Thr(53) .	
In this report , we use mass spectrometry and a newly developed phospho-specific antibody to positively identify DAT phosphorylation at Thr(53) in rodent striatal tissue and heterologous expression systems .	
Basal phosphorylation of Thr(53) occurred with a stoichiometry of and was strongly increased by phorbol esters and protein phosphatase inhibitors , demonstrating modulation of the site by signaling pathways that impact DAT activity .	
Mutations of Thr(53) to prevent phosphorylation led to reduced dopamine transport V(max) and total apparent loss of amphetamine-stimulated substrate efflux , supporting a major role for this residue in the transport kinetic mechanism .	
We utilize chronic lymphocytic leukemia ( CLL ) as a cancer model , which has an increased dependency on glycolysis .	
In CLL cells , we demonstrate that C6-ceramide nanoliposomes , but not control nanoliposomes , induce caspase 3/7-independent necrotic cell death .	83	8
Previously , we established and characterized Ku70-deficient murine lung epithelial ( Ku70 -/- MLE ) cells and found that these cells are more sensitive than Ku70 +/- MLE cells ( control cells ) to X-irradiation , as determined by clonogenic survival assay ; however , the mechanism underlying this sensitivity remains unclear .	
CONCLUSIONS We conclude that increased Msx2 expression results in improved outcome for breast cancer patients , possibly by increasing the likelihood of tumour cell death by apoptosis .	
Further analysis of Msx2-expressing cells revealed increased levels of p21 and phosphorylated extracellular signal-regulated kinase ( ERK ) and decreased levels of Survivin and the ' split ends ' ( SPEN ) protein family member RBM15 .	51	9	5	511	921	92
Ectopic expression of Msx2 in breast cell lines resulted in radically decreased cell viability mediated by induction of cell death via apoptosis .	8	81
Increased cytoplasmic Msx2 expression was associated with a prolonged breast cancer-specific survival ( P = 0.049 ) , recurrence-free survival ( P = 0.029 ) and overall survival ( P = 0.019 ) .	
The most significant effects of the APPxPS1 transgenes were phase delays of h in the onset of daytime wakefulness bouts ( P<0.005 ) and peak wakefulness ( P<0.02 ) , potentially relevant to phase delays previously reported in AD patients .	
However , genotype did not affect the major activity peaks or phases of wheel running , wake , or general movement , which were bimodal with dominant dawn and dusk activity .	
After rhythm assessment , the mice were euthanized at zeitgeber time ( ZT ) 2 or 10 ( i.e. , 2 or 10 h after lights-on ) and brains were dissected .	
Amyloid\u03b2 levels were measured in cortical samples and brain sections of the hypothalamus and hippocampus were prepared and used for in situ hybridization of circadian or neuropeptide genes .	
The APPxPS1 mice were generated using CD-1/129 mice and Cre-lox knock-in technology to " humanize " the mouse amyloid ( A)\u03b2 sequence and create a presenilin-1 mutation identified in familial early-onset AD patients .	
APPxPS1 and WT mice of several ages ( 11 , and 15 months ) were monitored for circadian rhythms in wheel running , cage activity , and sleep:wake behavior .	
Profound disruptions of circadian rhythms and sleep/wake cycles constitute a major cause of institutionalization of AD patients .	
This study investigated whether a rodent model of AD , APP(NLH/NLH)/PS-1(P264L/264L) ( APPxPS1 ) mice , exhibits circadian alterations .	
The responses of different organs to radiation vary widely and likely depend on the cell population in the organs .	
Pyruvate dehydrogenase converts pyruvate to acetylCoA thus preventing lactate formation .	
The elimination in Ku70 -/- MLE cells was slower than that in control cells , suggesting that DSB repair activity in the Ku70 -/- MLE cells is lower than that in control cells .	612	62	61	6
These findings suggest that Ku70 might play a key role in the inhibition of apoptosis through the DSB repair pathway in lung epithelial cells .	612	61	62	6	8	81
To rule out DMBA discontinuation as a cause of inhibition in tumor growth , DMBA treatment was continued during dietary exposure of turmeric in another set of animals until the end of the experiment .	
After tumor development , half of the animals continued on the control diet and the other half were shifted to a 1% turmeric diet for 4 weeks .	
Tumors were induced by applying 0.5% DMBA topically to the HBP three times per week for 12 weeks .	
In the present study , post-treatment effects of dietary turmeric on markers related to apoptosis , cell proliferation , and inflammation in 7,12-dimethylbenz(a)anthracene ( DMBA)-induced hamster buccal pouch ( HBP ) tumors were investigated .	
Our results showed that Ku70 -/- MLE cells were more sensitive to radiation-induced apoptosis than control cells , although X-irradiation activated caspase-3 and caspase-7 , and cleaved PARP in both cell lines .	8	81
When compared to hamsters bearing tumors that remained on the control diet , the buccal pouches of hamsters bearing tumors receiving turmeric showed the following results : ( 1 ) decreased cell proliferation ( diminished PCNA , cyclin D1 , and Bcl-2 ) and PCNA labelling index , ( 2 ) enhanced apoptosis ( increased Bax , caspase-3 , caspase-9 , and cytochrome c , and decreased survivin ) and apoptotic index , ( 3 ) decreased inflammation ( decreased Cox-2 ) , and ( 4 ) decreased MAPK activation ( p-ERK and p-p38 ) .	a	92	9	a2	8	91	921	81
The turmeric diet inhibited tumor growth in animals with or without DMBA carcinogen treatment compared to the animals on the control diet .	
We also examined the expression level of phosphorylated H2AX ( \u03b3H2AX ) , which is a marker of DSB , and observed the phosphorylation of H2AX and the elimination of \u03b3H2AX in both cell lines after X-irradiation .	
Our findings also suggest that these cell lines might be useful for the study of Ku70 functions and the Ku70-dependent DSB repair pathway in lung epithelial cells .	612	62	61	6
OBJECTIVES/HYPOTHESIS Head and neck squamous cell carcinoma ( HNSCC ) is a complex disease process involving interactions with carcinoma-associated fibroblasts and endothelial cells .	
A morphologically defined set of pavement-shaped primary cells were picked up manually with filter paper containing trypsin/ethylenediamine tetraacetic acid solution and transferred to a separate dish .	
We further investigated these relationships by suppressing stromal cell growth through the inhibition of fibroblast growth factor receptor ( FGFR ) .	
Synthetic PIF ( PIF ) treatment is effective preventing immune attack in non-pregnant models of autoimmunity .	
STUDY DESIGN Preclinical investigation .	
METHODS HNSCC cell lines ( FADU , OSC19 , Cal27 , SCC1 , SCC5 , SCC22A ) , fibroblast ( HS27 ) , and endothelial cells ( human umbilical vascular endothelial cell ) were cultured individually or in coculture .	
As described herein , we found that aberrant expression of the proinflammatory protein transglutaminase 2 ( TG2 ) is an important regulator of the Warburg effect in mammary epithelial cells .	a	31	a2	3
Proliferation was assessed following treatment with a range of physiologic concentrations of FGFR inhibitor PD173074 .	
These data demonstrate that the inhibition of ethanol-induced CYP2E1 as a key pathogenic factor can counteract the tumor-promoting action of ethanol by decreasing TNF-\u03b1 expression , NF-\u03baB activation , and oxidative DNA damage as well as restoring normal hepatic levels of retinoic acid in DEN-treated rats .	61	6
Aberrant glucose metabolism characterized by high levels of glycolysis , even in the presence of oxygen , is an important hallmark of cancer .	
Mice bearing established HNSCC xenografts were treated with PD173074 ( 12 mg/kg ) , and tumor histology was analyzed for stromal composition , proliferation ( Ki67 staining ) , and apoptosis ( TUNEL [ terminal deoxynucleotidyl transferase dUTP nick end labeling ] staining ) .	
This metabolic reprogramming referred to as the Warburg effect is essential to the survival of tumor cells and provides them with substrates required for biomass generation .	
RESULTS In vitro , inhibition of FGFR with PD173074 dramatically reduced proliferation of fibroblasts and endothelial cells compared to untreated controls .	
However , HNSCC cell proliferation was not affected by inhibition of FGFR .	9	93
Within three-dimensional fibrin gels , specific cell clones rapidly formed tubular structures in a more reproducible manner than those observed with low-passage primary cells .	
Tube formation by primary endothelial cells and those with extended life spans was dependent upon FGF-2 and ECGS , respectively .	
Both cell types produced FGF-2 and VEGF cytokines .	71	7	711
Increasing doses of suramin significantly decreased the size of microvessels formed by both cell lines .	71	7	711
An in vitro angiogenesis system was designed for screening angiogenic agonists and antagonists .	
In order to obtain large quantities of cells and reproducibility , human endothelial cells with extended life spans were developed by retroviral transfection .	
The resulting cells grown in a serum-free medium containing endothelial cell growth supplement ( ECGS ) have a telomerase activity , extended life spans of at least 21 passages , and an endothelial cell phenotype ( diI-acetylated-LDL upake , factor VIII-related antigen , VEGFR-1 and R-2 , and tissue-type plasminogen activator ( tPA) ) that resembled that of unaltered primary endothelial cells .	71	7	711
Exceptions were ( i ) a higher expression of tPA , and ( ii ) a non-significant growth response to FGF-2 or VEGF stimulation .	71	7	711
These functional results indicate that a vascular matrix system containing human cells with extended life spans can be successfully utilized as an in vitro assay for antiangiogenic compounds .	7	71
CONCLUSIONS These results establish fluorophore-labeled CL as high affinity markers to selectively stain active CNV .	
Neutral liposomes , in contrast , showed no accumulation .	
One nonsense variant was not detectable in mRNA but all other mutations resulting in premature truncation codons ( PTCs ) were , suggesting truncating VHL mutations may potentially generate truncated VHL protein .	63	6
RESULTS SLO detected accumulated fluorescence only in active CNV lesions with insignificant background noise .	
Liposomes labeled with Oregon green , rhodamine ( Rh ) , or indocyanine green ( ICG ) were injected into the tail vein at various time points after laser coagulation , and their fluorescence was observed in vivo 60 min later using an SLO , or afterwards in choroidal flatmounts or cryosections .	
Choroidal flatmounts and cryosections of the eye confirmed the location of retained CL in CNV lesions .	
The best signal was obtained with CL-ICG .	
So far , no in vivo imaging methods are available to specifically label active angiogenesis .	
PURPOSE Precise monitoring of active angiogenesis in neovascular eye diseases such as age-related macular degeneration ( AMD ) enables sensitive use of antiangiogenic drugs and reduces adverse side effects .	
METHODS C57Bl/6 mice underwent laser coagulations at day 0 ( d0 ) to induce choroidal neovascularization ( CNV ) .	
Here , we report such a technique using fluorophore-labeled cationic liposomes ( CL ) detected with a standard clinical in vivo scanning laser ophthalmoscope ( SLO ) .	
Whereas mutation of ERRF was infrequent ( 1 of 79 or 1.3% ) , its expression was up-regulated in breast cancer , and the up-regulation was more common in lower-stage tumors .	
In an ex vivo challenge experiment , we demonstrate , for the first time , that exogenous H2O2 induces a significant increase in mtDNA damage in lymphocytes from healthy individuals , but no repair activity is observed after 1 h recovery .	61	6
We have investigated the cytotoxic activity , the induction of apoptosis , and the interstrand cross-linking efficiency in the A2780cisR ovarian tumor cell line , after replacement of the two NH3 nonleaving groups in trans-[PtCl2(NH3)2] ( trans-DDP ) by dimethylamine and isopropylamine .	
The data show that trans-[PtCl2(NH(CH)2)(NHCH(CH3)2)] is able to circumvent resistance to cis-[PtCl2(NH3)2] ( cis-DDP , cisplatin ) in A2780cisR cells .	
In fact , trans-[PtCl2(NH(CH3)2)(NHCH(CH3)2)] shows a cytotoxic potency higher than that of cis-DDP and trans-DDP , with the mean IC50 values being 11 , 58 , and 300 microM , respectively .	
In addition , at equitoxic doses ( concentrations of the platinum drugs equal to their IC50 values ) and after 24 hours of drug treatment , the level of induction of apoptosis by trans-[PtCl2(NH(CH3)2)(NHCH(CH3)2)] is twice that produced by cis-DDP .	8	81
Under the same experimental conditions , trans-DDP does not induce significant levels of apoptosis in A2780cisR cells .	8	81
After 24 hours of incubation of A2780cisR cells at concentrations equal to the IC0o value of the platinum drugs , the level of DNA interstrand cross-links ( ICLs ) induced by trans-[PtCI2(NH(CH)2)(NHCH(CH3)] is two and three times higher , respectively , than those induced by cis-DDP and trans-DDP .	61	6
We also found that trans-[PtCl2(NH(CH3)2)(NHCH(CH3)2)] formed DNA ICLs between guanine and complementary cytosine .	61	6
We propose that , in A2780cisR cells , the induction of apoptosis by trans-[PtCl2(NH(CH3)2)(NHCH(CH3)2)] is related to its greater ability ( relative to cis-DDP and trans-DDP ) to form DNA ICLs .	8	81
NF-kB influenced immortalization of cervical cells by HPV16 .	4	41
In contrast , HPV-16 E6 regulated NF-kB in a cell type- and cell growth-dependent manner .	
We found that Human Papillomavirus type 16 ( HPV-16 ) E7 and E6/E7 proteins inhibited basal and TNF-alpha-inducible NF-kB activity in human epithelial cells cultured from the cervical transformation zone , the anatomic region where most cervical cancers develop .	
The NF-kB family of transcription factors regulates important biological functions including cell growth , survival and the immune response .	
Our results suggest that inhibition of NF-kB by HPV-16 E6/E7 contributes to immortalization of cells from the cervical transformation zone .	4	41
In contrast , activation of NF-kB by constitutive expression of p65 inhibited proliferation and immortalization .	4	41
Inhibition of NF-kB by an IkB alpha repressor mutant increased colony formation and immortalization by HPV-16 .	4	41
These results suggest that chemokine-releasing scaffolds may potentially function as implantable cancer traps and serve as powerful tools for studying cancer distraction and even selective annihilation of circulating metastatic cancer cells .	
Androgen receptor ( AR ) signals have been suggested to contribute to bladder tumorigenesis and cancer progression .	
Activation of epidermal growth factor receptor ( EGFR ) also leads to stimulation of bladder tumor growth .	
Optimum cyclin-dependent kinase 2/cyclin A and cyclin-dependent kinase 2/cyclin E concentration were found to be 250 ng/well and 200 ng/well , respectively .	9	51	511	5	91
Therefore , both isoform analogs of cyclin-dependent kinase 2 were optimized separately .	
Present study is focused on development , optimization and validation of cyclin-dependent kinase 2 assay which is suitable for identification potent and selective , ATP competitive and non-competitive inhibitors of cyclin-dependent kinase 2 .	
Combined treatment of EGF and dihydrotestosterone ( DHT ) further induced AR transactivation while an AR antagonist , hydroxyflutamide ( HF ) , abolished the effect of not only DHT but also EGF .	9	93	92
Both cyclin-dependent kinase 2 which are cyclin-dependent kinase 2/cyclin A and cyclin-dependent kinase 2/cyclin E complexes , have different affinity for ATP .	
The aim of present investigation was to optimize the assay for cyclin-dependent kinase 2/cylin A and cyclin-dependent kinase 2/cyclin E with use of bioluminescence based biochemical reaction .	
Cyclin-dependent kinases ensure the tight regulation of the cell cycle execution by mediating phosphorylation of cellular proteins .	
Cyclin-dependent kinases are most extensively studied targets for cancer chemotherapy since the tumor cells exhibit false checkpoints and can proliferate even if the genome is compromised .	
Different methods like radiolabeled , fluorescence and luminescence are available for screening of library of compounds against kinases .	
In growth assays , EGF alone/DHT alone/EGF+DHT increased cell numbers by 16/12/19% , 6/14/18% and 30/12/38% in UMUC3-control-shRNA , 5637-AR and J82-AR , respectively , whereas the effects of EGF were marginal or less significant in UMUC3-AR-shRNA ( 8% ) or AR-negative 5637-V ( <1% ) and J82-V ( 17% ) cells .	
These endothelial cells from the tooth buds of miniature swine are available as cell lines for studies on tube formation and use in regenerative medical science .	
Moreover , as revealed through transmission electron microscopy , these adherent cells had formed junctional complexes .	
The purpose of this study was to investigate the effects of EGF on AR activity in bladder cancer .	
Mandibular molar tooth buds harvested from swine fetuses at fetal days90-110 were cultured in growth medium supplemented with 15% fetal bovine serum in 100-mm culture dishes until the primary cells outgrown from the tooth buds reached confluence .	
The aim of the present study was to isolate endothelial cells from tooth buds ( unerupted deciduous teeth ) of miniature swine .	
A characterization of the cellular characteristics and a functional analysis of the cultured cells at passages 3 to 5 were performed using immunofluorescence , a reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction assay , a tube formation assay , and transmission electron microscopy .	
EGF increased AR transcriptional activity by 1.2- , 1.9- and 2.0-fold in UMUC3 , 5637-AR and J82-AR cell lines , respectively , over mock treatment and a specific EGFR inhibitor , PD168393 , antagonized the EGF effect .	9	93	92
The population doubling time was at passage 3 .	
The isolated cells grew in a pavement arrangement and showed the characteristics of contact inhibition upon reaching confluence .	
Observation with time-lapse images showed that small groups of cells aggregated and adhered to each other to form tube-like structures .	
As shown by immunocytostaining and western blotting with specific antibodies , the cells produced the endothelial marker proteins such as vascular endothelial cadherin , von Willebrand factor , and vascular endothelial growth factor receptor-2 .	
HF treatment at least partially counteracted the EGF effect on the growth of AR-positive cells .	9	92
Cytological features of such lesions have rarely been reported .	
Western blotting demonstrated that EGF , especially in the presence of DHT , upregulated the expression of the p160 coactivator TIF2 and HF again blocked this stimulation .	
The patient had receive systemic salvage chemotherapy and intrathecal infusions of methotrexate .	
Although the lung lesions had diminished at that time , the patient develope paraplegia , his clinical course rapidly deteriorated , and he eventually died .	
MCME was found to upregulate the expression of Wnt-2 and affect the migratory and invasive ability of CL1 cells through suppressed MMP-2 and MMP-9 enzymatic activities .	11	1
Differentiation of pleomorphic sarcoma from a sarcomatoid renal cell carcinoma is , thus , challenging from cytopathology smears and the differential diagnoses should always be borne in mind while giving a cytopathological opinion .	
We have demonstrated that the leaf extract of Momordica charantia ( MCME ) induces apoptosis in several human cancer cells through caspase- and mitochondria-dependent pathways .	
The possible prognostic significance of the expression of the latter two enzymes by carcinomas remains to be established .	
Oxidative DNA damage is frequently measured in circulating lymphocytes .	
The consistent expression of ST3 by all of the carcinomas examined and absence of its expression in NNL indicates that ST3 production is likely associated with the malignant phenotype .	
However , since 92 kDa gelatinase and interstitial collagenase transcripts were found in some but not all tumour samples , their expression is not a uniform feature of pulmonary carcinomas .	
Interestingly , the resulting increase in VEGF expression following EGFR blockade , provides an alternative pro-angiogenic pathway promoting tumor survival .	7	71
Expression of these MPs by carcinomas was independent of histologic type and such tumour features as fibrosis or necrosis .	83	8
Nine primary pulmonary carcinomas , one metastatic carcinoma , and two malignant pleural mesotheliomas have been analysed for the expression at the mRNA level of metalloproteinases ( MPs ) and tissue inhibitors of MPs ( TIMPs ) .	
In situ hybridisation showed TIMP-1 and TIMP-2 transcripts predominantly over tumour stroma and gelatinases evenly distributed over both stromal and tumour cells .	
Skin lesions improved , and there was no fever soon after the initiation of therapy .	
In contrast , sorafenib exerted only moderate cytotoxic effects on the proliferation of the 3 cell lines .	
Systemic oxidative stress is associated with a wide range of pathological conditions .	
In addition , nutlin-3 , a specific inducer of p53 stabilization , inhibited proinflammatory chemokines by reducing TNF-activated IκB through p53 stabilization .	a	a2
A ubiquitination PCR array on restoration of p53 did not reveal any significant change in expression except for Mdm2 , indicating that the balance between p53 and Mdm2 is more important in regulating NF-κB signaling rather than the direct effect of p53 on ubiquitin-related genes or IκB kinases .	
The IC(50) values for inhibition of A549 , HeLa , and HepG2 cells were 8572 , 4163 , and 8338 nmol/L , respectively .	
SUV39H1 overexpression remarkably enhanced HCC cell clonogenicity , whereas knockdown of SUV39H1 substantially suppressed HCC cell proliferation and induced cell senescence .	42	4
In addition , ectopic expression of SUV39H1 increased the migratory ability of HCC cells , whereas a reduced migration rate was observed in SUV39H1 knockdown cells .	11	1
In this study , we found that SUV39H1 was frequently up-regulated in human HCCs and was significantly associated with increased Ki67 expression ( P < 0.001 ) and the presence of venous invasion ( P = 0.017 ) .	
To investigate the role of SUV39H1 in HCC development , both gain- and loss-of-function models were established .	
Suppressor of variegation 3-9 homolog 1 ( SUV39H1 ) , the prototype of histone methyltransferase , is the major enzyme responsible for histone H3 lysine 9 trimethylation , which , essentially , is involved in heterochromatin formation , chromosome segregation , and mitotic progression .	
However , the implication of SUV39H1 in hepatocarcinogenesis remains elusive .	
UNLABELLED Hepatocellular carcinoma ( HCC ) is a major liver malignancy .	
We previously demonstrated that deregulation of epigenetic regulators is a common event in human HCC .	
The significance of SUV39H1 in HCC was further demonstrated in a nude mice model ; SUV39H1 knockdown drastically inhibited in vivo tumorigenicity and abolished pulmonary metastasis of HCC cells .	1	12
We also identified microRNA-125b ( miR-125b ) as a post-transcriptional regulator of SUV39H1 .	
Liver biopsies were analyzed for NEIL1 .	
METHODS HCV infected human hepatoma cells were analyzed to determine ( i ) ROS , ( ii ) 8-oxoG and ( iii ) DNA glycosylases NEIL1 , NEIL2 , OGG1 .	
In the current study we examined the induction of reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) resulting from HCV infection and evaluated its effect on the host DNA damage and repair machinery .	
BACKGROUND AND AIMS Hepatitis C virus ( HCV)-induced chronic inflammation may induce oxidative stress which could compromise the repair of damaged DNA , rendering cells more susceptible to spontaneous or mutagen-induced alterations , the underlying cause of liver cirrhosis and hepatocellular carcinoma .	
NEIL1 but not OGG1 or NEIL2 gene expression was impaired in HCV-infected cells .	
Because DNA glycosylases are the enzymes that remove oxidized nucleotides , their expression in HCV-infected cells was analyzed .	
Levels of the oxidatively modified guanosine base 8-oxoguanine ( 8-oxoG ) were significantly increased sixfold in the HCV-infected cells .	a21	a2	a
RESULTS Human hepatoma cells infected with HCV JFH-1 showed 30-60-fold increases in ROS levels compared to uninfected cells .	a21	a2	a
The antioxidant N-acetyl cystein ( NAC ) efficiently reversed the NEIL1 repression by inhibiting ROS induction by HCV .	a21	a2	a
In accordance , we found reduced glycosylase ( NEIL1-specific ) activity in HCV-infected cells .	
In this study , a different susceptibility to MCME was found in human lung adenocarcinoma CL1 cells with different metastatic ability , leading to the significant difference of cell viability and invasiveness between MCME-treated CL1-0 and CL1-5 cells .	1
We therefore investigated the influence of p53 on proinflammatory chemokines in ovarian cancer cells .	
Momordica charantia has been found to exhibit anticancer activity , in addition to its well-known therapeutic functions .	
We conclude that synthesis of at least hybrid-type oligosaccharides is required for capillary tube formation in vitro and that an increase in monosialylated , fucosylated glycans on asparagine-linked oligosaccharides occurs during this process .	
Mesenchymal stem cells ( MSCs ) are generally used in tissue engineering , regenerative medicine and therapy for immune disorder disease .	
CONCLUSIONS The present results demonstrate that luteolin downregulates the activation of the PI3K/Akt and ERK1/2 pathways via a reduction in IGF-IR signaling in HT-29 cells ; this may be one of the mechanisms responsible for the observed luteolin-induced apoptosis and cell cycle arrest .	92	9	8	91	921	93	81
OSED combines DAO-induced oxidative stress with energy depletion caused by glycolytic inhibitors such as 3-bromopyruvate ( 3BP ) , a hexokinase II inhibitor that depleted ATP in cancer cells and induced production of hydrogen peroxide. 3BP disturbs the Warburg effect and antagonizes effects of lactate and pyruvate ( El Sayed et al. , J Bioenerg Biomembr , 44 , 61-79 , 2012 ) .	
CONCLUSION/SIGNIFICANCE Our results demonstrate that the expression of surface nucleolin is an early metabolic event coupled with tumor cell proliferation and stress response .	9
The fact that surface nucleolin is constantly and abundantly expressed on the surface of tumor cells , makes them a preferential target for the inhibitory action of anticancer agents that target surface nucleolin .	
The estimated half-life of surface nucleolin is less than one hour , whereas that of nuclear nucleolin is more than 8 hours .	
Nucleolin mRNA induction is reduced markedly in normal fibroblasts that reach confluence , while it occurs continuously even in post-confluent epithelial tumor cells consistent with their capacity to proliferate without contact inhibition .	5	52
Interestingly , cold and heat shock induce nucleolin mRNA concomitantly to enhanced mRNA expression of the heat shock protein 70 , thus suggesting that surface nucleolin induction also occurs in response to an environmental insult .	
At the cell surface , one of the main functions of nucleolin is to shuttle specific extracellular ligands by an active transport mechanism , which we show here to be calcium dependent .	
BACKGROUND Nucleolin is one of the major proteins of the nucleolus , but it is also expressed on the cell surface where is serves as a binding protein for variety of ligands implicated in tumorigenesis and angiogenesis .	
Emerging evidence suggests that the cell-surface expressed nucleolin is a strategic target for an effective and nontoxic cancer therapy .	
METHODOLOGY/PRINCIPAL FINDINGS By monitoring the expression of nucleolin mRNA , and by measuring the level of nucleolin protein recovered from the surface and nucleus of cells , here we show that the presence of nucleolin at the cell surface is dependent on the constant induction of nucleolin mRNA .	
Indeed , inhibitors of RNA transcription or translation block expression of surface nucleolin while no apparent effect is observed on the level of nucleolin in the nucleus .	
The in vivo data further suggested that Taxotere had selectivity for endothelial cell migration and/or microvessel formation because infiltration of inflammatory cells into the Matrigel plug was much less sensitive to inhibition by Taxotere .	a	a2	7	71
In this assay , the angiogenic response to fibroblast growth factor 2 was inhibited in vivo by Taxotere with an ID50 of 5.4 mg/kg when injected twice weekly over a 14-day period , and angiogenesis was completely blocked in mice that received 10 mg/kg Taxotere .	71	7	711
The antiangiogenic activity of Taxotere in vivo was assessed in a Matrigel plug assay .	
These data indicate that endothelial cell migration correlates more closely with changes in microtubule plasticity than with microtubule gross structure .	
However , the underlying molecular and cellular mechanisms of the anticancer effects of Aurora A kinase inhibition are still not fully understood .	
Aurora A kinase has drawn considerable attention as a therapeutic target for cancer therapy .	
Introduction of an RNAi-resistant Aurora A kinase into Aurora A-knockdown cells resulted in downregulation of FoxO1 expression and rescued proliferation .	
In conclusion , Taxotere is a potent and potentially specific inhibitor of endothelial cell migration in vitro and angiogenesis in vitro and in vivo .	7	71
Additionally , methyl sulfone has promise as a tool to explore molecular mechanisms of metastatic transformation as well as fundamental processes such as cell migration , contact inhibition , wound healing and cellular senescence .	12	42	52	1	5	4
Briefly , over time methyl sulfone induced contact inhibition , loss of ability to migrate through an extracellular matrix , loss of anchorage-independent growth , proper wound healing followed by contact inhibition , irreversible senescence followed by arborization with melanosomes in arbors as seen in normal melanocytes .	5	42	4	52
CONCLUSIONS/SIGNIFICANCE Methyl sulfone may have clinical potential as a non-toxic agent effective against metastatic melanoma .	
Vav3 potently enhanced the transcriptional activity of AR3 and another clinically relevant AR splice variant , ARv567es .	9	93
Overexpression of BMP-6 and HO-1 synergistically suppressed MMP-9 transcription , which effect was specifically mediated via the MAPK/p38/AP-1 signaling .	11	1	9	921	92
However , blockade of HO-1 using ZnPPIX totally abolished BMP-6-regulated MMP-9 activation in MCF-7 cells .	
Genistein-induced regulation of these genes may be further exploited for devising chemopreventive and/or therapeutic strategies for prostate cancer .	
PURPOSE BMP-6 , which belongs to the TGF-β superfamily , is a multifunctional molecule with distinct abilities in embryogenesis and organogenesis .	
Our recent research has implied that BMP-6 may suppress breast cancer metastasis .	
In the present study , we extended to elucidate the molecular mechanism by which BMP-6 exerts its anti-tumorigenic effect .	
METHODS The Boyden chamber assay was used to examine the ability of BMP-6 and HO-1 in MCF-7 malignant progress .	
RT-PCR , western blot , luciferase assay , and quantitative CHIP were used to determine the potential mechanism and signaling pathways by which BMP-6 and HO-1 function as anti-metastatic factors in MCF-7 cells .	
RESULTS The Boyden chamber assay showed that BMP-6 inhibited the migration and invasion of MCF-7 cells , which effect was significantly deprived by knockdown of HO-1 .	11	1
We further demonstrated that BMP-6 treatment resulted in an activation of HO-1 transcription through the recruitment of Smad1/5 to the Smad-responsive element on its promoter .	
In addition , BMP-6-induced up-regulation of HO-1 exhibited an inhibitory effect on MMP-9 secretion in a paracrine action in MCF-7 cells .	11	1	9	921	92
Additionally , insulin-mediated activation of the PI3K/Akt/mTOR pathway provides evidence that activation of this pathway may correlate with induction of autophagy in H460 cells .	82	8
We propose that analogous to germline genetic mutations constitutive epimutations may serve as the first hit of tumor development .	
Because the role of constitutive epimutations in cancer development is likely to be largely underestimated , future strategies for effective testing of susceptibility to BC and OC should include an epimutation screen .	
Altogether we identified nine ( 1.4% ) patients with constitutive BRCA1 and three ( 0.5% ) with RAD51C hypermethylation .	
Epimutations were found in both sporadic cases , in particular in 2 ( 5.5% ) of 37 patients with early-onset BC , and familial cases , in particular 4 ( 10% ) of 39 patients with OC .	
Hypermethylation was always confined to one of the two parental alleles in a subset ( 12-40% ) of the analyzed cells .	
Because epimutations occurred in cell types from different embryonal layers , they most likely originated in single cells during early somatic development .	
Genetic defects in breast cancer ( BC ) susceptibility genes , most importantly BRCA1 and BRCA2 , account for of hereditary BC and ovarian cancer ( OC ) .	
Little is known about the contribution of constitutive ( soma-wide ) epimutations to the remaining cases .	
We developed bisulfite pyrosequencing assays to screen >600 affected BRCA1/BRCA2 mutation-negative patients from the German Consortium for Hereditary Breast and Ovarian Cancer for constitutive hypermethylation of ATM , BRCA1 , BRCA2 , RAD51C , PTEN and TP53 in blood cells .	
In a second step , patients with \u22656% promoter methylation were analyzed by bisulfite plasmid sequencing to demonstrate the presence of hypermethylated alleles ( epimutations ) , indicative of epigenetic gene silencing .	
Many Hsp90 client proteins in tumor cells are mutated or overexpressed oncogenic proteins driving cancer cell growth , leading to the acceptance of Hsp90 as a potential therapeutic target for cancer .	
The chromosome distribution pattern strongly indicated that genome-wide segmental and tandem duplication contribute to the expansion of soybean MYB genes .	
In addition , we found that\u2009 of soybean R2R3-MYB genes had undergone alternative splicing events , producing a variety of transcripts from a single gene , which illustrated the extremely high complexity of transcriptome regulation .	
A body of evidence indicates that mast cells are associated with various types of tumors .	
Tumor cells are surrounded by infiltrating inflammatory cells , such as lymphocytes , neutrophils , macrophages , and mast cells .	
Our results show that with the exception of mMCP-4 expression of these mast cell chymase ( mMCP-5 ) , tryptases ( mMCP-6 and 7 ) , and carboxypeptidase A ( mMC-CPA ) increased during tumor progression .	
Consistent with the potential selection of subclones enriched for MCT4 expression during disease progression , MCT4 expression was greater at sites of metastatic disease .	1	12
Phase I tumors exhibited a large number of mast cells , which increased in phase II and remained unchanged in phase III .	
Tumors were chemically induced in BALB/c mice and tumor progression was divided into Phases I , II and III .	
BACKGROUND The MYB superfamily constitutes one of the most abundant groups of transcription factors described in plants .	
Nevertheless , their functions appear to be highly diverse and remain rather unclear .	
To date , no genome-wide characterization of this gene family has been conducted in a legume species .	
MCT4 protein expression analysis based on the highest intensity of expression in primary ccRCCs was associated with poorer relapse-free survival , whereas modal intensity correlated with Fuhrman nuclear grade .	
RESULTS A total of 244 R2R3-MYB genes were identified and further classified into 48 subfamilies based on a phylogenetic comparative analysis with their putative orthologs , showed both gene loss and duplication events .	
The phylogenetic analysis showed that most characterized MYB genes with similar functions are clustered in the same subfamily , together with the identification of orthologs by synteny analysis , functional conservation among subgroups of MYB genes was strongly indicated .	
The phylogenetic relationships of each subgroup of MYB genes were well supported by the highly conserved intron/exon structures and motifs outside the MYB domain .	
Synonymous nucleotide substitution ( dN/dS ) analysis showed that the soybean MYB DNA-binding domain is under strong negative selection .	
Cdc37 potentiated Vav3 coactivation of AR transcriptional activity and Vav3 enhancement of AR amino-carboxyl terminal ( N-C ) interaction , which is essential for optimal receptor transcriptional activity .	9	93
Cdc37 increased prostate cancer cell proliferation selectively in Vav3 expressing cells .	
The cell division cycle 37 homolog ( Cdc37 ) , a protein kinase-specific co-chaperone for Hsp90 , was identified as a Vav3 interacting protein by yeast two hybrid screening .	
Vav3-Cdc37 interaction was confirmed by GST pulldown and , for native proteins , by coimmunoprecipitation experiments in prostate cancer cells .	
Vav3 is a novel coactivator of the AR .	
We sought to identify Vav3 binding partners in an effort to understand the molecular mechanisms underlying Vav3 enhancement of AR activity and to identify new therapeutic targets .	
Elevated androgen receptor ( AR ) activity in castration-resistant prostate cancer ( CRPC ) may occur through increased levels of AR coactivator proteins .	
Vav3 , a guanine nucleotide exchange factor ( GEF ) , is upregulated following progression to castration-resistance in preclinical models and is overexpressed in a significant number of human prostate cancers .	
The P2X7 receptor-pore inhibitor A438079 partially prevented cell death induced by millimolar ATP concentrations .	
The intracellular Ca(2+) signals and proliferation rate induced by micromolar ATP concentrations were inhibited by the allosteric P2X7 receptor inhibitor az10606120 .	9	93
This study shows that ATP and P2X7 receptors are important regulators of PSC proliferation and death , and therefore might be potential targets for treatments of pancreatic fibrosis and cancer .	9	93
Cdc37 did not affect Vav3 nucleotide exchange activity , Vav3 protein levels or subcellular localization .	
Disruption of Vav3-Cdc37 interaction inhibited Vav3 enhancement of AR transcriptional activity and AR N-C interaction .	
KX-01 inhibited activity of Src and downstream mediator FAK in tumors that was coincident with reduced proliferation and angiogenesis and increased apoptosis .	71	7	9	8	81
KX01 also resulted in microtubule disruption in tumors .	
KX-01 inhibited cell growth in vitro and in combination with paclitaxel resulted in synergistic growth inhibition .	
KX-01 resulted in a dose-dependent inhibition of MDA-MB-231 and MDA-MB-157 tumor xenografts ( 1 and 5 mg/kg , twice daily ) .	
KX-01 was evaluated as a single-agent and in combination with paclitaxel in MDA-MB-231 , MDA-MB-157 , and MDA-MB-468 human ER/PR/HER2-negative breast cancer cells .	
Treatments were evaluated by growth/apoptosis , isobologram analysis , migration/invasion assays , tumor xenograft volume , metastasis , and measurement of Src , focal adhesion kinase ( FAK ) , microtubules , Ki67 , and microvessel density .	
Src kinase is elevated in breast tumors that are ER/PR negative and do not overexpress HER2 , but clinical trials with Src inhibitors have shown little activity .	
The present study evaluated preclinical efficacy of a novel peptidomimetic compound , KX-01 ( KX2-391 ) , that exhibits dual action as an Src and pretubulin inhibitor .	
Combination of KX-01 with paclitaxel resulted in significant regression of MDA-MB-231 tumors and reduced metastasis to mouse lung and liver .	1	12
KX-01 is a potently active Src/pretubulin inhibitor that inhibits breast tumor growth and metastasis .	1	12
This sensitization is controlled through the adenosine monophosphate ( AMP)-activated protein kinase ( AMPK ) , which is the central energy-sensing system of the cell .	
We found that TPEN induces apoptosis in both types of cells by a molecular oxidative stress pathway involving O(2)(•-) > H(2)O(2) > NF-κB ( JNK/c-Jun ) >p53> loss ΔΨ(m)> caspase-3 , AIF > chromatin condensation/DNA fragmentation .	a21	a2	a	8	81
Furthermore , the inhibition of VEGF by lycopene suggests that the antitumor mechanisms of lycopene also involve anti-angiogenesis .	71	7	711
CONCLUSIONS Our data provide several lines of evidence that an inflammatory microenvironment is induced in survival-supportive cultures of chronic lymphocytic leukemia cells which might be directly or indirectly involved in the prolonged survival of the malignant cells .	a	a2
At the end of the experiment , both lycopene and β-carotene strongly inhibited the tumor growth , as evidenced by the decrease in tumor volume and tumor weight .	
They were supplemented with a low or a high dose of lycopene ( 4 and 16 mg/kg ) and a single dose of β-carotene ( 16 mg/kg ) twice a week for 7 wk .	
Pathway analyses identified - in addition to known signaling networks in chronic lymphocytic leukemia - novel pathways , of which Toll-like receptor signaling , nuclear respiratory factor-2 ( NRF2)-mediated oxidative stress response , and signaling via triggering receptor expressed on myeloid cells-1 ( TREM1 ) were the most relevant .	
SCOPE In this study , we evaluated the efficacy of lycopene against the growth of prostate cancer in vivo .	
CONCLUSION Lycopene and β-carotene supplementation suppressed the growth of prostate tumor cells , and the effects are likely associated with reduction of proliferation ( attenuation of proliferating cell nuclear antigen expression ) and with interference of the insulin-like growth factor 1 signaling ( increased plasma insulin-like growth factor-binding protein-3 levels ) .	9	92
DESIGN AND METHODS We analyzed and compared microarray-based expression profiles of chronic lymphocytic leukemia cells before and after three different survival-inducing culture conditions : ( i ) stromal cell co-culture , ( ii ) stromal cell conditioned medium and ( iii ) high cell density cultures of unsorted peripheral blood mononuclear cells .	
In addition , high-dosage lycopene supplementation significantly decreased the vascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF ) levels in plasma .	71	7	711
High-dosage lycopene and β-carotene significantly decreased the expression of proliferating cell nuclear antigen in tumor tissues and increased the levels of insulin-like growth factor-binding protein-3 in plasma .	9	92
The patient received combination chemotherapy and completed 4 cycles of cyclophosphamide , doxorubicin vincristine , and prednisone every 14 days for 2 months .	
The aim of this study was to investigate the inhibitory effects of rutaecarpine on DNA strand breaks and apoptosis induced by hydrogen peroxide ( H2O2 ) in murine Hepa-1c1c7 cells .	
Oxidative DNA damage was estimated by nuclear condensation assessment , fluorescence-activated cell sorting analysis , and Comet assay .	
Rutaecarpine inhibited cell death induced by 500 \u03bcM H2O2 , as assessed by 4',6-diamidino-2-phenylindole ( DAPI ) staining .	8
Treatment with rutaecarpine reduced the number of DNA strand breaks induced by H2O2 , as assessed by DAPI staining and Comet assay , and increased quinone reductase , phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase , and pAkt protein levels , as assessed by western blotting .	612	61	6
Our results suggest that FoxO1 is responsible for growth arrest at the G 2/M phase that is induced by Aurora A kinase inhibition .	9	51	511	5	91
In addition , silencing of FoxO1 in Aurora A-knockdown cells allowed the cells to exit cytostatic arrest , which , in turn , led to massive cell death .	511	8	5	51
This disparity has led to an increased demand for the discovery and identification of new informative biomarkers .	
OBJECTIVES Despite the well-defined histological types of non-small cell lung cancer ( NSCLC ) , a given stage is often associated with wide-ranging survival rates and treatment outcomes .	
RESULTS We identified novel genes whose expression was upregulated in NSCLC , including SPAG5 , POLH , KIF23 , and RAD54L , which are associated with mitotic spindle formation , DNA repair , chromosome segregation , and dsDNA break repair , respectively .	62	6
METHODS In the current study , we screened 81 NSCLC samples using Illumina whole-genome gene expression microarrays in an effort to identify differentially expressed genes and new NSCLC biomarkers .	
We found a significant correlation between RNA degradation and survival in adenocarcinoma cases .	
We also identified several novel genes whose expression was downregulated in NSCLC , including SGCG , NLRC4 , MMRN1 , and SFTPD , which are involved in extracellular matrix formation , apoptosis , blood vessel leakage , and inflammation , respectively .	
The current study also uncovered new candidate biomarker genes that are likely to be involved in diverse processes associated with NSCLC development .	
CONCLUSIONS Even though the follow-up time was too limited to draw final conclusions , we were able to show better prediction p values in a group selection based on molecular profiles compared to histology .	
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate a new PET tracer ( 64)Cu-NODAGA-c(RGDyK ) for imaging of tumor angiogenesis using gene expression of angiogenesis markers as reference and to estimate radiation dosimetry for humans .	
These results point to a novel role of histone H2AX that regulates Nox1-mediated ROS generation after DNA damage .	a	a21	612	61	a2	6
Nude mice with human neuroendocrine tumor xenografts ( H727 ) were administered ( 64)Cu-NODAGA-c(RGDyK ) i.v. for study of biodistribution as well as for dynamic PET .	
Procedures .	
This study demonstrates that ROS induction after treatment of cells with neocarzinostatin ( NCS ) , an ionizing radiation mimetic , is at least partly mediated by increasing histone H2AX .	a	a21	612	61	a2	6
The DNA damage response ( DDR ) cascade and ROS ( reactive oxygen species ) signaling are both involved in the induction of cell death after DNA damage , but a mechanistic link between these two pathways has not been clearly elucidated .	
H2AX increases Nox1 activity partly by reducing the interaction between a Nox1 activator NOXA1 and its inhibitor 14-3-3zeta .	612	61	6
Increased levels of ROS and cell death induced by H2AX overexpression alone or DNA damage leading to H2AX accumulation are reduced by treating cells with the antioxidant N-Acetyl-L-Cysteine ( NAC ) , the NADP(H) oxidase ( Nox ) inhibitor DPI , expression of Rac1N17 , and knockdown of Nox1 , but not Nox4 , indicating that induction of ROS by H2AX is mediated through Nox1 and Rac1 GTPase .	a	a21	612	61	a2	6
Importantly , very low doses of CUR 2.5 microM and DHA or EPA of 0.78 microM could synergistically suppress the LPS-induced prostaglandin E(2) ( PGE(2) ) .	
The combinations were also found to suppress iNOS , COX-2 , 5-lipoxygenase ( 5-LOX ) and cPLA(2) but induce HO-1 .	
Inflammatory response plays an important role not only in the normal physiology but also in the pathology such as cancers .	
As chronic inflammations are associated with malignancies , it is important to prevent inflammation-mediated neoplastic formation , promotion and/or progression .	
One possible intervention will be using cancer chemopreventive agents such as curcumin ( CUR ) , a potent anti-inflammatory and anti-oxidative stress compound .	
Polyunsaturated fatty acids ( PUFA ) such as docosahexaenoic acid ( DHA ) or eicosapentaenoic acid ( EPA ) are potent anti-inflammatory agents by decreasing the production of inflammatory eicosanoids , cytokines , and reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) .	
The present study aims at examining whether CUR with DHA or EPA would have synergistic anti-inflammatory effects in RAW 264.7 cells .	
Non-toxic concentrations of single and combination of the compounds were investigated at 6 , 12 and 24h .	
The nitric oxide ( NO ) suppression effects were most prominent at 24h .	
All the combinations of CUR and DHA or EPA with lower concentrations of CUR 5 microM and 25 microM of DHA or EPA were found to have synergistic effects in suppressing LPS-stimulated NO and endogenous NO levels .	
The multipartite nature of a chromosomal replication origin and the role of transcriptional activators in its function present a striking similarity to the organization of eukaryotic promoters .	
Element B3 is the binding site for the transcription factor-origin binding protein ABF1 .	
Other transcription factor binding sites substitute for the B3 element and a trans-acting transcriptional activation domain is required .	
Functional studies of these mutants revealed one essential element ( A ) , which includes a match to the ARS consensus sequence , and three additional elements ( B1 , B2 , and B3 ) , which collectively are also essential for origin function .	63	6
These four elements arranged exactly as in ARS1 , but surrounded by completely unrelated sequence , functioned as an efficient origin .	
Although it has been demonstrated that discrete origins of DNA replication exist in eukaryotic cellular chromosomes , the detailed organization of a eukaryotic cellular origin remains to be determined .	
Linker substitution mutations were constructed across the entire Saccharomyces cerevisiae chromosomal origin , ARS1 .	
SET and MYND domain-containing protein 3 ( SMYD3 ) is a histone methyltransferase that plays an important role in transcriptional regulation in human carcinogenesis .	
The objective of this study was to investigate the effect of NF-kappa B signal-transduction pathway on apoptosis of hepatic carcinoma cell line-7721 induced by TNF-alpha .	
It was proved that nuclear factor-kappa B play an important role in the activation of immune cell , anti-virus , various stress reaction , and regulation of apoptosis , etc .	2	81	21	8
The known adhesion molecule phenotype of the recently defined haematopoietic lineage of human dendritic cells ( DC ) is broadly similar to that of HC , perhaps supporting the hypothesis that some HC represent a malignancy of an APC ( DC ) lineage .	
There are no data regarding the expression of many of these adhesion molecules on Reed-Sternberg cells and its mononuclear variant ( Hodgkin's cells ( HC) ) present in pathological material .	
To obtain this information we undertook an immunohistological study on material from 18 cases of Hodgkin's disease using a panel of MoAbs to examine the expression of adhesion molecules on HC .	
Adhesion molecules play an important role in the functioning of the immune system , particularly with regard to cell-cell interactions and antigen presentation .	
Several adhesion molecules are expressed on Hodgkin's disease-derived cell lines and these are important in their molecular interactions as antigen presenting cells ( APC ) .	
The Hermes antigen CD44 was present in high density but leukosialin ( CD43 ) , another molecule present on diverse leucocyte types , was , in general , not detected on HC .	
These new data showing that ICAM-1 , ICAM-2 and LFA-3 are , like LFA-1 , expressed on HC emphasize the ability of HC to act as APC .	
The HC were shown to express the integrin beta 1 subfamily molecules , LFA-1 ( CD11a ) and p150,95 ( CD11c ) in high density but lacked CR3 ( CD11b ) .	
All of the immunoglobulin gene superfamily adhesion molecules studied were present to some degree on HC , with ICAM-2 , in particular , showing moderate to strong expression in most cases .	2	21
BMS-536924 suppressed proliferation and tumorigenicity in vitro in a dose-dependent fashion .	
BMS-536924 blocked autophosphorylation of IGF-IR and both Akt and ERK activation by both IGF-I and insulin .	
We investigated the immunohistochemical expression of elements of the IGF axis , matrilysin , overexpression of p53 and the methylation status of the IGFBP-3 promoter in 80 surgically resected BTC .	
Insulin-like growth factor ( IGF)-I receptor ( IGF-IR ) signaling is required for carcinogenicity and progression of several cancers but the function of this pathway and its utility as a therapeutic target have not been studied comprehensively in biliary tract carcinomas ( BTC ) .	
The effects of IGF-IR blockade was also studied in nude mouse xenograft models .	
We also assessed the effect of IGF-IR blockade on signal transduction , proliferation and survival in three BTC cell lines using a new tyrosine kinase inhibitor , BMS-536924 , and dominant negative IGF-IR ( IGF-IR/dn ) .	
High expression was associated with tumor size .	
IGF-I was expressed in 60% and IGF-II in 50% of tumors .	
Hypermethylation of the IGFBP-3 promoter was detected in 41% of BTC and was inversely correlated with p53 expression .	
IGF-IR was expressed in 69% of the cases and was associated with advanced stage and matrilysin expression .	
To determine the effects of SMYD3 over-expression on cell proliferation , we transfected SMYD3 into MDA-MB-231 cells and found that these cells showed several transformed phenotypes as demonstrated by colony growth in soft agar .	
Between the different subtypes of flat adenomas ( 0-IIa , LST-F and LST-G ) no differences were observed for any of the investigated genes .	
Hypoxia levels were evaluated via pimonidazole staining and hypoxia-inducible factor-1\u03b1 ( HIF-1\u03b1 ) immunoblotting and histochemical staining. 454-pyrosequencing was implemented to obtain global transcriptomic profiling of allotopic and non-allotopic xenografts .	
In conclusion , ANE , which contains catechins based oligomeric and polymeric procyanidins , regulates COX-2 expression in vitro and possess anti-inflammatory potential in vivo .	a	a2
CONCLUSION The lower APC mutation rate in flat adenomas compared to polypoid adenomas suggests that disruption of the Wnt-pathway may occur via different mechanisms in these two phenotypes .	63	6
The anti-inflammatory potential of ANE was also tested using 12-O-tetradecanoylphorbol-13-acetate ( TPA)-treated human oral cancer SAS cells .	
The results clearly demonstrated that the antioxidant capacity of the ANE procyanidins increased with the degree of polymerization .	
Furthermore , feeding rats with ANE at 1 and 10mg/kg/day for 5days significantly repressed carrageenan-induced inflammatory exudates and PGE(2) formation .	a	a2
ANE inhibited TPA-induced cyclooxygenase-2 ( COX-2 ) protein expression at low doses , which correlated with the inhibition of ERK phosphorylation in the SAS cells .	a	a2
Areca nut , rich in polyphenols , is the major component of betel quid and we have previously shown that the extract of areca nut can induce oxidative stress in vitro .	
Polyphenols are widely distributed in plants and known for antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties .	
To quantify their antioxidant potential , oligomeric and polymeric procyanidins of ANE were separated and evaluated using the Trolox equivalent antioxidant capacity ( TEAC ) assay .	
In this study , we have further pinpointed that areca nut extract ( ANE ) contains catechin based procyanidins which range from dimers to decamers and polymers ; this was carried out by HPLC and electrospray ionization/mass spectrometry ( ESI/MS ) .	
The fusion construct was subsequently cleaved with cyanogen bromide and all polypeptides were obtained with high purity .	
Herein we have used a novel fusion protein consisting of a modified \u03b2-barrel to purify both wild type and cysteine-less mutants of two representatives of coronavirus E proteins : the shortest ( 76 residues ) , from SARS-CoV E , and one of the longest ( 109 residues ) , from the infectious bronchitis virus ( IBV E ) .	
A validation study is necessary to fully assess the predictive value of these markers .	
Lung tumors with high ERβ-1/low PR may define patients with aggressive biology .	9	93
These proteins are involved in viral morphogenesis and tropism , and their absence leads in some cases to aberrant virions , or to viral attenuation .	
Coronavirus envelope ( E ) proteins are short ( residues ) polypeptides that contain at least one transmembrane ( TM ) domain and a cluster of 2-3 juxtamembrane cysteines .	
Although an NMR-based model for the TM domain of the E protein in the severe acute respiratory syndrome virus ( SARS-CoV E ) has been reported , structural data and biophysical studies of full length E proteins are not available because efficient expression and purification methods for these proteins are lacking .	
In common to other viroporins , coronavirus envelope proteins increase membrane permeability to ions .	
Cholesterol biosynthesis from [ 14C]acetate , in contrast to the stimulation of LDL receptor activity , was inhibited by approximately two-fold by incubation with TGF-beta 1 at 50 ng/ml and IL-1 beta at 11,700 units/ml .	
Scatchard analysis of the binding of [ 125I]-labelled LDL at 4 degrees C after an 18-h incubation of the cells with 1170 units/ml IL-1 beta and 5 ng/ml TGF-beta 1 showed that they were both acting primarily by increasing LDL receptor number .	9	93
The increase in LDL receptor activity could not be attributed to an increase in cell proliferation as TGF-beta 1 at concentrations from 0.05 ng/ml to 50 ng/ml had no significant effect on either cell number or [ 3H]thymidine incorporation into DNA whilst IL-1 beta inhibited DNA synthesis by more than 80% at a concentration of 11,700 units/ml but had significant effect on cell number .	9	93
The effect of transforming growth factor-beta 1 ( TGF-beta 1 ) and interleukin-1 beta ( IL-1 beta ) on LDL receptor in Hep G2 cells was investigated .	
A greater than two-fold stimulation of the binding and internalisation of [ 125I]-labelled LDL at 37 degrees C was observed after an 18-h incubation of the cells with TGF-beta 1 at 50 ng/ml and IL-1 beta at 11,700 units/ml compared with control cells .	
Nonmelanoma skin cancer ( NMSC ) is by far the most frequent type of cancer in humans .	
In addition , EGFR was involved less in proliferation because of the insensitivity of the downstream mitogen-activated protein kinase pathway .	921	92	9
BMS-777607 treatment with micromolar doses nonetheless led to significant inhibition of multiple PC-3 cell functions including proliferation , clonogenicity , migration and invasion .	11	9	1
At the molecular level , BMS-777607 suppressed autophosphorylated c-Met and downstream c-Src and Akt pathways .	921	92	9
CONCLUSIONS These results suggest that the constitutive c-Met activation in PC-3 is independent of autocrine stimulation .	
Because PC-3 cells were responsive to BMS-777607 but not the anti-HGF antibody , the findings also indicate that under circumstances where c-Met is constitutively hyperactive in the absence of functional HGF , targeting the c-Met receptor remains a viable therapeutic option to impede cancer progression .	
Placebo , anastrozole and/or fulvestrant were administered in both an initiation and a promotion protocol of lung tumorigenesis .	
Genetic toxicology studies were conducted in Salmonella typhimurium and mouse peripheral blood. 16-DAY STUDY IN RATS : Groups of five male and five female rats were exposed to particulate aerosols of vanadium pentoxide at concentrations of 0 , 2 , 4 , 8 , 16 , or 32 mg/m(3) by inhalation , 6 hours per day , 5 days per week for 16 days .	
Increasing evidence shows that estrogens are involved in lung cancer proliferation and progression , and most human lung tumors express estrogen receptor β ( ERβ ) as well as aromatase .	
To determine if the aromatase inhibitor anastrozole prevents development of lung tumors induced by a tobacco carcinogen , alone or in combination with the ER antagonist fulvestrant , ovariectomized female mice received treatments with the tobacco carcinogen 4-(methylnitrosoamino)-1-(3-pyridyl)-1-butanone ( NNK ) along with daily supplements of androstenedione , the substrate for aromatase .	
The effects of the oxazaphosphorines on U937 cells were dependent on the agent tested and its dose , and the time intervals after the drug application .	
However , the factors that regulate this protein remain unclear .	
Aromatase expression was found mainly in macrophages infiltrating preneoplastic and tumorous areas of the lungs , whereas ERβ was found in both macrophages and tumor cells .	9	93
Therefore , we hypothesized that anti-angiogenic factors should correspondingly be dampened .	
A significantly lower Ki67 cell proliferation index was also observed compared with single agent and control treatment groups .	9
Beginning antiestrogen treatment after NNK exposure , when preneoplastic lesions had already formed , also yielded maximum antitumor effects with the combination .	
These results demonstrated that RMC1 induced cancer cell death by acting on both mitochondrial and death receptor apoptotic pathways , suggesting that RMC1 could be a candidate for further evaluation as a chemotherapeutic agent against human cancers .	8	81
Another experiment showed that Bid protein was also activated by RMC1 , which implied that RMC1 could existed two pathways crosstalk , namely , have exogenous death receptor signaling pathway .	8	81
The calcium/calcineurin signaling pathway , through activation of NFAT , is essential for effective immune responses , and its inhibitors cyclosporin A ( CsA ) and FK506 are used in the clinics to suppress immunity .	
Moreover , the kinases GSK3β and mTOR , modulated by PI-3K/Akt , can inhibit NFAT activity , suggesting a cross-talk between the calcium and growth factor signaling pathways .	
Invasive tumors were significantly less expressing TIMP-1 and TIMP-2 ( P < 0.05 ) .	11	1
There was no significant difference for MMP-9 or MMP-2 between invasive and non-invasive groups ( P > 0.05 ) .	11	1
CONCLUSIONS TIMP-1 and TIMP-2 may play a key role in invasive pituitary adenomas to biological behavior .	11	1
RMC1 inhibited the growth of A549 ( human lung adenocarcinoma ) lung cells through induction of apoptotic cell death , as evidenced by the accumulation of cell population in sub-G1 phase .	8	81
Similarly , changes to mitochondrial homeostasis were equivalent upon treatment with these drugs .	
We further show that , in our model , NFAT1 activation is not modulated by PI3K/mTOR .	
The effects of glucocorticoid ( GC ) on the proliferation of Dunn Osteosarcoma ( OS ) cells were examined under in vitro culture conditions .	
Dexamethasone ( Dex ) inhibited the proliferation of Dunn OS cells in a dose-dependent manner , while the addition of anti-GC , RU486 , to the culture medium in part recovered Dex-induced growth inhibition .	9
The number of maximum binding sites ( Bmax ) and the dissociation constant ( Kd ) value of glucocorticoid receptor ( GR ) in Dunn OS cells were 19,560 sites/cell and 5.2 +/- 0.8 nM , respectively .	9	93
RU486 competed with labeled Dex against GR at a concentration of 10(-6) M. Western blot analysis of [ 3H]Dex-mesylate-labeled cell homogenate and immunohistochemical staining against GR further confirmed the presence of GR .	
Dex treatment of Dunn OS cells resulted in apoptosis with the characteristic internucleosomal DNA cleavage shown by the DNA ladder pattern in agarose gel electrophoresis .	8	81
These data demonstrate that GC inhibits the proliferation of Dunn OS cells via GR , for which one possible mechanism in vitro is induction of apoptosis .	9	93	81	8
This work represents a novel 3'-next flanking sequence effect as a unique NER factor for bulky arylamine lesions in E. coli .	
CONCLUSIONS P16 protein overexpression is an early and relatively common event in carcinogenesis of gallbladder carcinoma .	511	5	51
Expression of p16 protein is absent in normal or chronic cholecystitis .	
Expression of p16 correlated significantly with histologic grade ( p < 0.05 ) .	511	5	51
No correlation was found between p16 expression and age , gender , tumor size , gross type , location , vascular invasion , lymph node metastasis , and TNM stage , respectively .	511	5	51
Expression of p16 may be an ancillary diagnostic marker of gallbladder carcinoma and its precancerous conditions .	
These findings suggest that removing the intrinsic H atom donor disturbs the rate-limiting process during enzyme catalysis .	
This receptor and its ligands , which are paracrine hormones , might be novel candidates for anticolorectal cancer therapy .	
CONCLUSIONS GUCY2C is a tumor suppressor that controls proliferation and metabolism of intestinal epithelial cells by inactivating AKT signaling .	
We evaluated the MMPs and TIMPs gene expression by semi-quantitative reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction ( RT-PCR ) in treated and untreated cells .	
This study aimed to investigate the effect of oleuropein on the metastatic and anti-metastatic gene expression in the MDA human breast cancer cell line .	
Two sub-pathways ( intracellular antiviral molecules and extracellular pattern recognition ) and four genes in these sub-pathways ( TLR1 , TLR6 , OAS1 , and OAS2 ) were nominally associated with advanced prostate cancer risk and harbor several SNPs nominally associated with advanced prostate cancer risk .	
Our results suggest that the innate immunity and inflammation pathway may play a modest role in the etiology of advanced prostate cancer through multiple small effects .	a1	a2	a
To determine the role of innate immunity and inflammation in advanced prostate cancer , we investigated the association of 320 single nucleotide polymorphisms , located in 46 genes involved in this pathway , with disease risk using 494 cases with advanced disease and 536 controls from Cleveland , Ohio .	
Oleuropein , the main olive oil polyphenol , has anti-proliferative effects .	
Prostate cancer is the most frequent and second most lethal cancer in men in the United States .	
Innate immunity and inflammation may increase the risk of prostate cancer .	
The expression patterns of FAAH , CB1 and CB2 receptor protein in L02 and HepG2 cells were confirmed by western blot , which were consistent with the immunofluorescence results .	
AEA treatment increased the levels of p-P38MAPK and p-JNK proteins in a dose-dependent manner in HepG2 cells ( F = 11.908 ; 26.054 , P less than 0.05 ) and the increase can be partially by prevented by MCD ( t = 2.801 ; t = 12.829 , P less than 0.05 ) .	921	92	9
CONCLUSION AEA treatment induces necrosis in HepG2 cells via CB1 and CB2 receptors and lipid rafts .	83	8
However , the immunosuppressive tumor microenvironment may limit the effectiveness of current immunotherapies .	
These findings indicate that vascular-normalizing lower doses of anti-VEGFR2 antibody can reprogram the tumor microenvironment away from immunosuppression toward potentiation of cancer vaccine therapies .	2	71	22	7
High ratios of PKM1/PKM2 inhibit the glycolysis rate , but elevate the glucose flux into oxidative phosphorylation .	31	3
Furthermore , lower doses are superior to the high doses in polarizing tumor-associated macrophages from an immune inhibitory M2-like phenotype toward an immune stimulatory M1-like phenotype and in facilitating CD4(+) and CD8(+) T-cell tumor infiltration .	2	21
Based on this mechanism , scheduling lower-dose anti-VEGFR2 therapy with T-cell activation induced by a whole cancer cell vaccine therapy enhanced anticancer efficacy in a CD8(+) T-cell-dependent manner in both immune-tolerant and immunogenic murine breast cancer models .	
Treatment of breast cancer cells with oleuropein could help in prevention of cancer metastasis by increasing the TIMPs and suppressing the MMPs gene expressions .	1	12
PKM ( pyruvate kinase isozyme ) alternative splicing proteins ( PTB1/hnRNAPA1/hnRNAPA2 ) , which control the inclusion of exon 9 ( PKM1 ) or exon 10 ( PKM2 ) , are targeted by miR-124 , miR-137 and miR-340 .	
We found that TIMP1,-3 , and -4 were over-expressed after all periods of incubation in treated cancer cells compared to untreated cells , while MMP2 and MMP9 genes were down-regulated , at least initially .	
Consequently , miR-124 , miR-137 and miR-340 switch PKM gene expression from PKM2 to PKM1 .	
So far , the mechanisms leading to upregulation of TEM5 and its function during angiogenesis have not been identified .	
Tumor endothelial marker ( TEM ) 5 is an adhesion G-protein-coupled receptor upregulated in endothelial cells during tumor and physiologic angiogenesis .	
TEM5 expression was not induced by a variety of soluble angiogenic factors , including VEGF and bFGF , in subconfluent endothelial cells .	71	7	711
OBJECTIVE We investigated the molecular mechanisms underlying the inactivation of p53 and neoplastic transformation induced by arsenite in human embryo lung fibroblast ( HELF ) cells .	
The Rho inhibitor C3 transferase from Clostridium botulinum did not affect TEM5 expression , whereas the Rac inhibitor NSC23766 suppressed TEM5 upregulation .	
TEM5 upregulation was blocked by toxin B from Clostridium difficile , an inhibitor of the small GTPases Rho , Rac , and Cdc42 .	
Based on our results we conclude that TEM5 expression during capillary morphogenesis is induced by the small GTPase Rac and mediates contact inhibition of proliferation in endothelial cells .	5	52
An excess of the soluble TEM5 extracellular domain or an inhibitory monoclonal TEM5 antibody blocked contact inhibition of endothelial cell proliferation resulting in multilayered islands within the endothelial monolayer and increased vessel density during capillary formation .	5	52
Expression of these miRNAs inhibits the growth of colorectal cancer cells .	
This is a novel finding for Hyd-4 activity at pH 6.5 .	
Whether mechanisms underlying the role of miRNA in colorectal cancer are involved in metabolic reprogramming and the mechanisms through which miRNAs alter cancer metabolism are as yet unknown .	
Colorectal cancer represents one of the most challenging diseases .	
Distributions of cholesterol and caveolin-1 in cellular membrane fractions changed .	
Post-irradiation DSB rejoining was delayed , corresponding with the insufficient DNA-PK activation , although chromosomal aberration frequencies did not increase .	612	61	6
This effect was not due to changes in cell cycle progression or DNA-repair-related gene expression .	91	62	9	6
BACKGROUND Inactivation of p53 is involved in arsenite-induced tumorigenesis ; however , the molecular mechanisms remain poorly understood .	
Nuclear accumulation of the EGF receptor ( EGFR ) was monitored by ELISA .	
Increasing evidence indicates that aberrant expression of microRNAs ( miRNAs ) is related to pathogenesis of colorectal cancer .	
In parallel , DNA-PK activity , \u03b3-H2AX foci numbers and chromatid fragmentation were estimated .	
The following methods were used : gas chromatography ( incorporation of the CLA isomer ) , flow cytometry ( cell cycle ) , cloning ( survival ) , Western blotting ( protein distribution in membrane fractions ) , and pulse-field gel electrophoresis ( rejoining of DNA double-strand breaks ) .	
METHODS The cells were incubated for 24h with 70\u03bcM c9,t11-CLA and then X-irradiated .	
BACKGROUND Investigations concerned the mechanism of HT-29 cells radiosensitization by cis-9,trans-11-conjugated linoleic acid ( c9,t11-CLA ) , a natural component of human diet with proven antitumor activity .	
Real-time RT-PCR showed that the expression of Cyp1a1 , Cyp1a2 , Cyp1b1 and Nqo1 significantly increased in the groups given 0.03% BNF or more , but Ugt1a6 , Akr7a3 and Gstm1 significantly increased in the groups given 0.125% BNF or more .	
Surprisingly , ER stress was identified as an effect rather than a cause of UA-induced autophagy .	82	8
Ursolic acid ( UA ) is a pentacyclic triterpenoid with promising cancer chemopreventive properties .	
A better understanding of the mechanisms underlying anticancer activity of UA is needed for further development as a clinically useful chemopreventive agent .	
Our findings uncovered a novel cellular mechanism involved in the anticancer activity of UA , and also provided a useful model to study biological significance and mechanisms of autophagy-mediated ER stress .	82	8
Autophagy-dependent ER stress protected the cells from UA-induced apoptosis through EIF2AK3-mediated upregulation of MCL1 .	82	81	8
Activation of MAPK1/3 but not inhibition of MTOR pathway contributed to UA-induced cytoprotective autophagy in MCF-7 cells .	82	8
CONCLUSION The present analysis suggests that KRAS codon 12 mutation may not represent a homogeneous entity in mCRC when treated with cetuximab-based first-line therapy .	63	6
Patients with tumors bearing a KRAS p.G12D mutation showed a strong trend to a more favorable outcome compared to other mutations ( overall survival 23.3 vs. 14-18 months ; hazard ratio 0.66 , range 0.43-1.03 ) .	63	6
An interaction model illustrated that KRAS p.G12C was associated with unfavorable outcome when treated with oxaliplatin plus cetuximab .	
All patients received cetuximab-based first-line chemotherapy within the Central European Cooperative Oncology Group ( CECOG ) , AIO KRK-0104 or AIO KRK-0306 trials .	
RESULTS Patients with KRAS codon 12 mutant mCRC showed a broad range of outcome when treated with cetuximab-based first-line regimens .	63	6
PURPOSE This study investigated the impact of specific mutations in codon 12 of the Kirsten-ras ( KRAS ) gene on treatment efficacy in patients with metastatic colorectal cancer ( mCRC ) .	
PATIENTS Overall , 119 patients bearing a KRAS mutation in codon 12 were evaluated .	
Meantime , no expression of E-cad protein was observed in 7 of 7 OC with metastasis but in 6 of 13(46.2%) of those without metastasis ( P = 0.044 ) .	1	12
In correlation analysis of the three genes , MTA1 reversely correlated with nm23H1 and E-cad respectively ( r = -0.903 , -0.803 ) , and positive correlation existed between nm23H1 and E-cad ( r = 0.724 ) .	
In contrast with MTA1 , low expression of nm23H1 mRNA was seen in 7 of 7 OC with metastasis but only in 4 of 13(30%) of those without metastasis ( P = 0.0043 ) .	1	12
Low nm23H1 expression was also seen in 7 of 7 LNS with metastasis but only in 5 of 13 ( 38.5% ) nonmetastatic LNS ( P = 0.0102 ) .	1	12
RESULTS The frequency of MTA1 over expression was 100%(7/7) in primary OC with metastasis but only 38.5%(5/13) in those without metastasis ( P = 0.0103 ) .	1	12
Overexpression of MTA1 was observed in 87.5%(6/7) of LNS with metastasis but in only 23%(3/13) of LNS without metastasis ( P = 0.0118 ) .	1	12
OBJECTIVE To investigate the expression and mutation of MTA1 , nm23H1 and E-cadherin(E-cad) genes in ovarian carcinoma ( OC ) in relation to lymph node ( LN ) metastasis .	
METHODS A panel of normal ovarian tissues , primary OC specimens and corresponding LNS was examined for mRNA expression and mutation of MTA1 and nm23H1 and protin expression of E-cad genes by using RT-PCR , RT-PCR-SSCP and immunohistochemistry .	
No mutation of MTA1 , nm23H1 and was found by SSCP analysis .	63	6
CONCLUSION The mRNA expression of MTA1 , nm23H1 and E-cad is positively and negatively correlated with LN metastasis .	1	12
Cells were constrained into varying degrees of roundness by plating onto culture surfaces coated with different concentrations of poly(2-hydroxyethyl methacrylate ) ( poly[HEMA] ) and assayed for proliferation capacity and levels of c-myc , c-ras , c-fos , and c-fes mRNAs .	
The influence of cell shape on the expression of proto-oncogenes was examined in normal and malignant human cells that varied in their sensitivities to contact-inhibition of proliferation .	
As these cells became more rounded , a critical degree of roundness was reached at which proliferation ceased .	
Proliferation of contact-inhibited normal CUA-1 fibroblasts and the variant HT-IFNr cells was highly coupled to cell shape .	5	52
Northern analysis revealed that expression of c-myc and c-ras was highly sensitive to cell shape in the normal CUA-1 cells but not in the malignant HT-1080 or variant HT-IFNr cells .	
In contrast , proliferation of non-contact-inhibited malignant HT-1080 cells was independent of cell shape .	
Expression of c-fos and c-fes oncogenes were independent of cell shape in all cells tested .	
Levels of c-myc and c-ras mRNAs declined to nearly undetectable levels in CUA-1 cells at degrees of roundness that correlated with loss of proliferative ability .	
These data suggest that changes in cell shape can modulate expression of certain oncogenes and that these changes correlate with the cell's ability to proliferate .	
Quantification of transcription rates by the nuclear run-off assay showed that shape modulation of c-myc and c-ras oncogene expression occurred at the transcriptional level .	
This study aims to understand the role of mast cells in these processes .	
Although role of mast cells can be directly related to their granule content , their function in angiogenesis and tumor progression remains obscure .	
The expression of mouse mast cell protease ( mMCP)-4 , mMCP-5 , mMCP-6 , mMCP-7 , and carboxypeptidase A were analyzed at the 3 stages .	
CONCLUSION Our study demonstrated that SUV39H1 up-regulation contributed to HCC development and metastasis .	1	12
The tumor-suppressive miR-125b served as a negative regulator of SUV39H1 .	
Ectopic expression of miR-125b inhibited SUV39H1 3'-untranslated-region-coupled luciferase activity and suppressed endogenous SUV39H1 expression at both messenger RNA and protein levels .	
The number of new blood vessels increased significantly in phase I , while in phases II and III an enlargement of existing blood vessels occurred .	7	71
Interestingly , miR-125b level was found to be inversely correlated with SUV39H1 expression ( P = 0.001 ) in clinical specimens .	
Our observations suggested that miR-125b down-regulation may account for the aberrant SUV39H1 level in HCC .	
Here we report the first genome-wide analysis of the whole MYB superfamily in a legume species , soybean ( Glycine max ) , including the gene structures , phylogeny , chromosome locations , conserved motifs , and expression patterns , as well as a comparative genomic analysis with Arabidopsis .	
Our findings reveal a novel role for PPP1R15B in the survival and therapy response of ERα-positive breast cancer and may open new avenues for tumor subtype-specific therapeutic strategies in the era of personalized medicine .	
Accordingly , knockdown of PPP1R15B expression sensitized tamoxifen-resistant MCF-7 breast cancer cells to tamoxifen while reducing ERα abundance in these cells .	9	93
METHODS A total 12 members of the HNPCC family were studied for genetic investigation .	
Furthermore , the combination of lovastatin with gefitinib induced a potent apoptotic response without significant induction of autophagy that is often induced during metabolic stress inhibiting cell death .	82	81	8
The captured MD-Fraction was then transported to the spleen , thereby inducing the systemic immune response .	2	21
Our preclinical study suggests that MD-Fraction is a useful oral therapeutic agent in the management of patients with cancer. � 2012 Wiley Periodicals , Inc .	
The therapeutic response of orally administered MD-Fraction was associated with ( i ) induced systemic tumor-antigen specific T cell response via dectin-1-dependent activation of DCs , ( ii ) increased infiltration of the activated T cells into the tumor , and ( iii ) decreased number of tumor-caused immunosuppressive cells such as regulatory T cells and myeloid-derived suppressor cells .	2	22
Intraperitoneal ( i.p. ) injection of MD-Fraction has been reported to inhibit tumor growth via enhancement of the host immune system .	
MD-Fraction is a highly purified soluble β-glucan derived from Grifola frondosa ( an oriental edible mushroom ) .	
After oral administration , MD-Fraction was not transferred to the blood in its free form but was captured by antigen-presenting cells such as macrophages and dendritic cells ( DCs ) present in the Peyer's patch .	
In this study , we demonstrated that oral administration of MD-Fraction as well as i.p. injection significantly inhibited tumor growth in murine tumor models .	
We propose that this TBK1-dependent mechanism for NF-κB signalling contributes to autophagy addiction in K-Ras driven NSCLC .	82	8
Furthermore , basal autophagy in this context is characterised by sequestration of the xenophagy cargo receptor Ndp52 and its paralogue Tax1bp1 , which we demonstrate here to be a bona fide cargo receptor .	82	8
Autophagy of these cargo receptors promotes non-canonical NF-κB signalling .	82	8
K-Ras dependent non-small cell lung cancer ( NSCLC ) cells are ' addicted ' to basal autophagy that reprograms cellular metabolism in a lysosomal-sensitive manner .	
Here we demonstrate that the xenophagy-associated kinase TBK1 drives basal autophagy , consistent with its known requirement in K-Ras-dependent NSCLC proliferation .	82	8
Vascular changes were assessed by angiography and immunohistochemically .	
Remaining mice were maintained without treatment for 2 wk .	
Ex vivo LPS-stimulated CD11b(+) peritoneal exudate cells from EC144-treated mice were blocked from phosphorylating tumor progression locus 2 , MEK1/2 , and ERK1/2 .	
Tumor cells were implanted intrarenally in athymic mice .	
METHODS A cell proliferation assay was performed on the Ewing's sarcoma ( SK-NEP-1 ) cell line .	
Mice ( n = 12/cohort ) were euthanized 6 wk following implantation .	
Animals received daily gavage with vehicle or gefitinib 1 wk following implantation .	
The mechanism by which EGFR inhibition functions is unclear , with controversial results demonstrating an effect on the tumor cells , endothelial cells , or pericytes .	
BACKGROUND Expression of epidermal growth factor receptor ( EGFR ) , a potent regulator of cellular homeostasis , is associated with aggressive tumor behavior .	
We hypothesized that using an EGFR inhibitor on a human Ewing's sarcoma model would inhibit tumor growth by suppressing vessel proliferation .	
EGFR activation has been linked to the expression of vascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF ) , a known mitogen of angiogenesis , but the relationship between these factors and their effect on tumor vessel development is vague .	
PYGL depletion and the consequent glycogen accumulation led to increased reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) levels that contributed to a p53-dependent induction of senescence and markedly impaired tumorigenesis invivo .	a21	42	a2	a	4
This study establishes the LPK rat as a novel model system for NPHP and further consolidates the link between cystic kidney disease and cilia proteins .	
NOMH-1 cells expressed both CEA and CA19-9 which were identified immunohistochemically in the original tumor and the heterotransplanted tumor .	
The cells were sensitive to paclitaxel , an agent commonly used in the treatment of gynecological cancers .	
CONCLUSIONS NOMH-1 is the first ovarian endometrioid adenocarcinoma cell line in which CEA and CA19-9 expression have been defined .	
This newly established cell line should be useful for investigating the characteristics of ovarian endometrioid adenocarcinoma .	
Collectively , these results suggest that the anti-tumor activity of CDF is in part mediated through deregulation of tumor hypoxic pathways , and thus CDF could become a novel , and effective anti-tumor agent for PC therapy .	
However , the precise molecular mechanism(s) by which hypoxia/HIF drives these events are not fully understood .	
Emerging evidence suggest that hypoxia and HIF pathways contributes to the acquisition of epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition ( EMT ) , maintenance of cancer stem cell ( CSC ) functions , and also maintains the vicious cycle of inflammation-all which lead to therapeutic resistance .	
Hypoxia mediated over-expression of hypoxia-inducible factor ( HIF ) has been shown to be associated with therapeutic resistance , and contributes to poor prognosis of cancer patients .	
Hypoxia is known to play critical roles in cell survival , angiogenesis , tumor invasion , and metastasis .	
Moreover , CDF decreased gene expression of miR-21 , miR-210 , IL-6 , HIF-1α , VEGF , and CSC signatures in vivo in a mouse orthotopic model of human PC .	
CDF also led to decreased cell migration/invasion , angiogenesis , and formation of pancreatospheres under hypoxia .	11	1	7	71
The treatment of PC cells with CDF , a novel synthetic compound inhibited the production of VEGF and IL-6 , and down-regulated the expression of Nanog , Oct4 , EZH2 mRNAs , as well as miR-21 and miR-210 under hypoxia .	
Here , we show , for the first time , that hypoxia leads to increased expression of VEGF , IL-6 , and CSC signature genes Nanog , Oct4 and EZH2 consistent with increased cell migration/invasion and angiogenesis , and the formation of pancreatospheres , concomitant with increased expression of miR-21 and miR-210 in human pancreatic cancer ( PC ) cells .	11	1	7	71
DNA double-strand breaks ( DSBs ) trigger ATM ( ataxia telangiectasia mutated ) signalling and elicit genomic rearrangements and chromosomal fragmentation if misrepaired or unrepaired .	
Although most DSB repair is ATM-independent , approximately 15% of ionizing radiation ( IR)-induced breaks persist in the absence of ATM-signalling. 53BP1 ( p53-binding protein 1 ) facilitates ATM-dependent DSB repair but is largely dispensable for ATM activation or checkpoint arrest .	
ATM promotes DSB repair within heterochromatin by phosphorylating KAP-1 ( KRAB-associated protein 1 , also known as TIF1beta , TRIM28 or KRIP-1 ; ref. 2 ) .	
Therefore , we propose that P-60 has potential as a lung cancer chemopreventive agent .	
In addition , P-60 was found to have the ability to regulate cell cycle and induce apoptosis in SPC-A-1 cells .	5	51
In an A/J mouse model benzo[a]pyrene induction of lung tumors was significantly reduced difference by P-60 group .	
( PV ) using a PV extract of 60% ethanol ( P-60 ) .	
The present study aimed to explore the mechanisms of chemoprevention of NSCLC by Prunella vulgaris L .	
Chemoprevention is one feasible approach to decreasing morbidity and mortality of non-small cell lung cancer ( NSCLC ) .	
METHODS : Combined treatment of HeLa cells with gamma-irradiation ( 1 , 3 and 5 Grays ) and extra low frequency magnetic fields of Hz was carried out under rigorously controlled conditions .	
BACKGROUND : The issue remains unresolved as to whether low frequency magnetic fields can affect cell behaviour , with the possibility that they may be in part responsible for the increased incidence of leukaemia in parts of the population exposed to them .	
In no instance out of a total of twenty separate experiments did this " double-insult " further delay entry of cells into mitosis , as had been anticipated .	
RESULTS : Synchronised cells progressing from S-phase arrived at mitosis on average marginally ahead of irradiation controls not exposed to ELF .	
CONCLUSION : This apparently " non-genotoxic " agent ( ELF ) appears to be capable of affecting cells that would normally arrest for longer in G2 , suggesting a weakening of the stringency of the late cycle ( G2 ) checkpoint .	
Cells that do not form 53BP1 foci , including human RIDDLE ( radiosensitivity , immunodeficiency , dysmorphic features and learning difficulties ) syndrome cells , fail to form pKAP-1 foci. 53BP1 amplifies Mre11-NBS1 accumulation at late-repairing DSBs , concentrating active ATM and leading to robust , localized pKAP-1 .	
We propose that ionizing-radiation induced foci ( IRIF ) spatially concentrate ATM activity to promote localized alterations in regions of chromatin otherwise inhibitory to repair .	
These results indicate that Compound C can be used as a potential antiproliferative agent for PDGF- or PDGFR-associated diseases , such as cancer , atherosclerosis , and fibrosis .	
Thioredoxin-1 has an essential role in maintaining their surface thiol density as the first line of antioxidative defense mechanisms and is sensitive to proinflammatory stimuli , mainly tumor necrosis factor-α , in a nuclear factor-κB-dependent fashion .	a21	a2	a
The antiapoptotic and oncogenic potential of ( secreted ) Trx-1 suggests that it may exert effects in Tregs beyond redox regulation .	
This enhanced antioxidative capacity of Tregs possibly serves as feedback inhibition during inflammation and prevents uncontrolled immune reactions by favoring survival of suppressor rather than effector cells .	
In this study , we demonstrate that human Tregs express and secrete higher levels of thioredoxin-1 , a major antioxidative molecule .	
Levels of regulatory T cells ( Tregs ) are increased in different cancer types as well as in inflammatory diseases , such as rheumatoid arthritis .	
Treg accumulation may result from aberrant proliferation and trafficking as well as greater resilience to oxidative stress compared with conventional T cells .	
Compound C significantly inhibited the receptor tyrosine phosphorylation and the activity of downstream signaling molecules , such as p85 phosphoinositide 3-kinase , phospholipase C-γ1 , and extracellular signal-regulated kinase 1/2 , induced by platelet-derived growth factor ( PDGF ) but not by epidermal growth factor- and insulin-like growth factor .	921	92	9
Transduction of human endothelial cells with PEX virus suppressed endothelial invasion and formation of capillary-like structures without affecting chemotaxis in vitro .	7	71
Here , we demonstrate the use of a noncatalytic fragment of matrix metalloproteinase 2 ( termed PEX ) delivered by lentiviral vectors in different angiogenesis models .	7	71
This requires both the identification of angiogenic regulators and their efficient delivery to target organs .	
Modulation of the balance between pro- and antiangiogenic factors holds great promise for the treatment of a broad spectrum of human disease ranging from ischemic heart disease to cancer .	
Thus , our study shows that lentiviral vectors can deliver sufficient quantities of antiangiogenic substances to achieve therapeutic effects in vivo .	
PEX expression also inhibited tumor-induced angiogenesis and tumor growth in a nude mouse model .	7	71
Lentiviral delivery of PEX blocked basic fibroblast growth factor-induced matrix metalloproteinase 2 activation and angiogenesis on chicken chorioallantoic membranes .	7	71
We observed that alkaline stress leads to genomic transformation of Madin-Darby canine kidney ( MDCK ) cells .	
Transformed cells ( F cells ) form " foci " in culture , lack contact inhibition , and are able to migrate , typical characteristics of dedifferentiated tumorigenic cells .	5	52
Intracellular pH ( pHi ) plays a critical role in the entry of cells into the DNA-synthesis phase of the cell cycle .	
Alterations in pHi may contribute to abnormal proliferative responses such as those seen in tumorigenic cells .	
This leads to periodic changes of membrane voltage and pHi at about one cycle per minute .	
We conclude that endogenous oscillatory activity could be a trigger mechanism for DNA synthesis , proliferation , and abnormal growth of renal epithelial cells in culture .	
F cells exhibit spontaneous biorhythmicity .	
Rhythmic transmembrane Ca2+ flux activates plasma membrane K+ channels and Na+/H+ exchange .	
Docetaxel-based regimens significantly improve overall survival ( OS ) in patients with CRPC and represent the only treatment strategy approved by the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) .	
Taken together , these data suggest that PDCD6 plays a significant role in modulating cellular angiogenesis .	7	71
We found binding PDCD6 to VEGFR-2 , a key player in the PI3K/mTOR/P70S6K signaling pathway .	
PDCD6 suppressed phosphorylation of signaling regulators downstream from PI3K , including Akt , mammalian target of rapamycin ( mTOR ) , glycogen synthase kinase-3β(GSK-3β) , ribosomal protein S6 kinase ( p70S6K ) , and also decreased cyclin D1 expression .	921	92	9
We also found that overexpressed PDCD6 suppressed vascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF)-induced proliferation , invasion , and capillary-like structure tube formation in vitro .	11	1	7	71
Purified recombinant human PDCD6 inhibited cell migration in a concentration-time-dependent manner .	
In this study , we have attempted to investigate the effects of PDCD6 on the inhibition of angiogenesis-mediated cell growth as a novel anti-angiogenic protein .	
Programmed cell death 6 ( PDCD6 ) was originally found as a pro-apoptotic protein , but its molecular mechanism is not well understood .	
Several phase II studies are ongoing .	
The high frequency of prostate cancer-related metastatic bone disease has led to consider this pathway as a therapeutic target .	
Therefore , VSMC senescence induced by low doses of doxorubicin may contribute to vascular damage upon doxorubicin treatment. uPAR-mediated TRF2 ubiquitination and proteasomal degradation are further identified as a molecular mechanism underlying this process .	
Similarly , IGF-1 did not correlate with clinical stage of the disease nor the other angiogenic factors , which also correlated with each other ( p < 0.001 ) .	71	7	711
We delineate a common intraconjugate E2-binding surface on Ub .	
In addition , we demonstrate that an E3 CHIP ( carboxyl terminus of Hsp70 interacting protein ) interacts directly with UbcH5c oligomers , not only with conjugate monomers .	
These results provide insights into the conformational diversity of E2 conjugates and conjugate oligomers , and into their compatibility and interactions with E3s , which have important consequences for the ubiquitination process .	
Serum IGF-1 concentrations are not influenced in MM patients .	
Serum levels of the above factors were measured , by ELISA , in 57 newly diagnosed MM patients and in 20 healthy controls .	
There was no difference in serum levels of IGF-1 in MM patients and in controls , contrary to angiogenic factors , which were higher in MM patients ( p < 0.001 ) .	71	7	711
There was a wide inter-individual variation in endogenous lymphocyte DNA strand breaks ( 8-fold variation ) , in damage after a challenge with H2O2 ( 16-fold variation ) and in DNA repair ( 41-fold variation ) measured using the comet assay .	612	62	61	6
Among them , insulin-like growth factor-1 ( IGF-1 ) is a major factor , acting in many levels .	
However , antioxidant supplementation or increased consumption of antioxidant-rich foods has been reported to have inconsistent effects on DNA damage .	
Thus , DRIL1 disrupts cellular protection against RAS(V12)-induced proliferation downstream of the p19(ARF)/p53 pathway .	
Endogenous DNA damage level before supplementation was significantly different ( P = 0.037 ) between the three genotypes for the Val16Ala single nucleotide polymorphism in manganese superoxide dismutase ( rs4880 ) with individuals homozygous/wild type showing less damage than those carrying the alanine variant .	61	6
There was no effect of supplementation on BER .	62	6
The aim of the study was to measure serum levels of IGF-1 in newly diagnosed MM patients and to correlate them with clinical stage of the disease and with markers of angiogenesis , such as vascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF ) , hepatocyte growth factor ( HGF ) , and interleukin-6 and 15 ( IL-6 and IL-15 ) .	
There are many growth factors influencing the expansion of multiple myeloma ( MM ) .	
Herein , we test PIF ability to prevent acute GVHD development in semi or totally allogenic murine models .	
When patients were stratified based on their serum ferritin and CRP levels , patients with elevation in both inflammatory biomarkers had a markedly poorer response to trastuzumab-containing therapy .	a	a2
The elevation in pre-treatment serum ferritin ( >250 ng/ml ) or CRP ( >7.25 mg/l ) was a significant predictor of reduced progression-free survival and shorter overall survival .	
Anti-inflammatory drugs and life-style changes to decrease inflammation in cancer patients should be explored as possible strategies to sensitize patients to anti-cancer therapeutics .	a	a2
Angiogenesis is a process that may enhance MM growth , in various manners .	
Therefore , there remains an urgent and unmet clinical need for the development of predictive biomarkers for trastuzumab response .	
Approximately half of all HER2/neu-overexpressing breast cancer patients do not respond to trastuzumab-containing therapy .	
In order to explore the predictive value of inflammation in breast cancer patients , we measured the inflammatory biomarkers serum ferritin and C-reactive protein ( CRP ) in 66 patients immediately before undergoing trastuzumab-containing therapy and evaluated their progression-free and overall survival .	
Recently , several lines of evidence have demonstrated that the inflammatory tumor microenvironment is a major contributor to therapy resistance in breast cancer .	
Inhibition of LDH-A activity with oxamate enhanced the response of cetuximab-resistant cells to cetuximab .	
Overexpression of a HIF-1\u03b1 mutant ( HIF-1\u03b1/\u0394ODD ) conferred resistance to cetuximab-induced G1 phase cell-cycle arrest , which could be overcome by knockdown of LDH-A expression .	91	9
HNSCC cells with acquired cetuximab resistance expressed a high level of HIF-1\u03b1 and were highly glycolytic .	31	3
We found that cetuximab downregulated lactate dehydrogenase A ( LDH-A ) and inhibited glycolysis in cetuximab-sensitive head and neck squamous cell carcinoma ( HNSCC ) cells in an HIF-1\u03b1 downregulation-dependent manner .	31	3
In this study , we used the Seahorse XF96 extracellular flux analyzer to assess the effect of cetuximab treatment on changes in glycolysis and mitochondrial respiration , the two major energy-producing pathways , in live cells .	
However , the mechanism underlying these actions has yet to be identified .	
Previous studies have shown that cetuximab , an EGF receptor-blocking monoclonal antibody , downregulates the alpha subunit of HIF-1 ( HIF-1\u03b1 ) through the inhibition of EGF receptor downstream cell signaling and that downregulation of HIF-1\u03b1 is required for cetuximab-induced antiproliferative effects .	
Hypoxia-inducible factor-1 ( HIF-1 ) plays a critical role in reprogramming cancer metabolism toward aerobic glycolysis ( i.e. , the Warburg effect ) , which is critical to supplying cancer cells with the biomass needed for proliferation .	
These findings provide novel mechanistic insights into cetuximab-induced cell-cycle arrest from the perspective of cancer metabolism and suggest novel strategies for enhancing cetuximab response .	
Cetuximab had no noticeable inhibitory effect on glycolysis in nontransformed cells .	31	3
No correlation with clinico-pathological parameters and steroid hormone and epidermal growth factor receptor status was found .	9	93	92
Further studies should investigate whether the production of Cath D by laryngeal tumors could have a clinical relevance for this neoplasia .	
Using an immunoradiometric assay , Cathepsin D ( Cath D ) levels were measured in the cytosol of 23 normal and 39 neoplastic human laryngeal tissues .	
Scattered Cath D levels ( from 2.2 to 17.8 pM/mg protein ; median = 7.6 ) were found in normal mucosa specimens .	
Cath D concentrations range from 2.0 to 29.3 pM/mg protein ( median = 8.5 ) in laryngeal tumors .	
When a comparison between Cath D levels in normal and neoplastic tissue specimens from the same patient was done , Cath D levels were significantly higher in laryngeal cancers than in their normal counterparts ( P = 0.03 ) .	
Thrombospondin-1 is a matricellular protein with potent antitumour activities , the levels of which determine the fate of many different tumours , including renal carcinomas .	
Therefore , in this study , the antitumor activities of mAb CH12 , an anti-EGFRvIII antibody developed in our laboratory , as well as a U.S. Food and Drug Administration-approved anti-EGFR antibody , cetuximab ( C225 ) , were characterized on de4 EGFR(+) models .	
The results of FACS assays showed that CH12 bound to de4 EGFR with a higher avidity than did C225 .	
We recently isolated an exon-4-deleted epidermal growth factor receptor ( EGFR ) variant , termed de4 EGFR .	
Because the extracellular domain alteration of receptors often influences the antitumor effect of therapeutic antibodies , it is essential to test the sensitivity of de4 EGFR(+) tumors to anti-EGFR antibodies .	
Mechanistically , de4 EGFR protein expression was virtually undetectable in the U87MG-de4 EGFR xenografts treated with CH12 .	9	93
This may account for the observed reduction of Akt and Erk phosphorylation , cyclin D1 , Bcl-2 , and Bcl-x(L) expression and the increase of p27 and E-cadherin expression .	
Interestingly , CH12 , but not C225 , significantly inhibited the metastasis and growth of U87MG-de4 EGFR xenografts , with a growth-inhibition ratio of 46.48% in vivo , and prolonged the survival of the tumor-bearing mice by 37.2% .	1	12
Treatment with CH12 significantly suppressed tumor proliferation and angiogenesis with increased tumor apoptosis .	71	7	9	8	81
Results .	
Immunohistochemistry was performed on formalin-fixed material to quantify expression of cell cycle regulators and two MMPs .	
Intriguingly , LAMP-1 , a major component of the lysosome , was significantly up-regulated in the CH12-treated group but not in the C225-treated group , suggesting its contribution to the degradation of de4 EGFR .	
Taken together , our data demonstrated that mAb CH12 is a promising therapeutic agent for treating de4 EGFR(+) gliomas .	
The aim of this study was to evaluate the expression of various cell cycle regulators and MMPs and to correlate such expression with progression and recurrence in patients with stage T1 urothelial carcinoma of the bladder ( UCB ) .	
Matrix metalloproteinases ( MMPs ) are enzymes that degrade collagen and promote tumour infiltration .	
The cell cycle is regulated by proteins at different checkpoints , and dysregulation of this cycle plays a role in carcinogenesis .	
Background and Objective .	
Among the pathways examined , only ERK1/2 inhibitor U0126 significantly inhibited IL-20-induced migration and invasion .	11	1
Moreover , siRNA knockdown of IL-20R1 suppressed migration , invasion , ERK1/2 activation , and NF-κB-mediated MMP-9 expression induced by IL-20 .	11	1
Thus , glycogen metabolism is a key pathway induced by hypoxia , necessary for optimal glucose utilization , which represents a targetable mechanism of metabolic adaptation .	
Blockade of p21WAF1 function by siRNA reversed migration , invasion , activation of ERK signaling , MMP-9 expression , and activation of NF-κB in IL-20-treated cells .	11	51	1	5	511
The role of inflammatory cytokine interleukin-20 ( IL-20 ) has not yet been studied in cancer biology .	
Here , we demonstrated up-regulation of both IL-20 and IL-20R1 in muscle invasive bladder cancer ( MIBC ) patients .	
Results from electron paramagnetic resonance spectroscopy and flow cytometric assays showed a significant increase in cellular superoxide levels in S-phase cells , which was associated with an increase in glucose and oxygen consumption , and a decrease in MnSOD activity .	91	31	9	3
These results suggest that camptothecin and its analogues should be more effective in patients whose tumours feature amplification of MYCN and/or overexpression of B-MYB .	
A direct correlation was observed between glucose consumption and percentage of S-phase cells in MnSOD wild-type fibroblasts , which was absent in MnSOD homozygous knockout fibroblasts .	
We detected the expression level of miR-124 in clinical CaP tissues , evaluated the influence of miR-124 on the growth of CaP cells and investigated the mechanism underlying the dysregulation of miR-124 .	
We found that ( i ) miR-124 directly targets the androgen receptor ( AR ) and subsequently induces an upregulation of p53 ; ( ii ) miR-124 is significantly downregulated in malignant prostatic cells compared to benign cells , and DNA methylation causes the reduced expression of miR-124 ; and ( iii ) miR-124 can inhibit the growth of CaP cells in vitro and in vivo .	9	93
METHODS aerobic glycolysis was measured by calculating the amounts of lactic acid formed .	
The effect on replication was assessed by culturing the cells in both standard conditions and glucose-deprived medium , which was used to shut down aerobic glycolysis .	
BACKGROUND/AIMS by reducing the number of ATP molecules produced via aerobic glycolysis , the inhibition of lactic dehydrogenase ( LDH ) should hinder the growth of neoplastic cells without damaging the normal cells which do not rely on this metabolic pathway for their energetic needs .	
Here , we studied the effect of oxamic and tartronic acids , 2 inhibitors of LDH , on aerobic glycolysis and cell replication of HepG2 and PLC/PRF/5 cells , 2 lines from human hepatocellular carcinomas .	
CONCLUSIONS inhibition of aerobic glycolysis achieved by blocking LDH could be useful in the treatment of human hepatocellular carcinomas .	31	3
Without interfering with glucose metabolism in normal cells , it could hinder cell growth by itself and could also enhance the chemotherapeutic index of associated anticancer agents by decreasing the levels of ATP selectively in neoplastic cells .	31	3
RESULTS the oxamic and tartronic acids inhibited aerobic glycolysis , impaired the growth of both cell lines and also induced an increased expression of p53-upregulated modulator of apoptosis , a signal of cell death .	31	3
A strong impairment of cell replication by oxamic acid was only found when the cells were cultured in the presence of glucose , indicating that it was for the most part owing to inhibition of aerobic glycolysis .	31	3
High-grade gliomas ( HGG ) , are the most common aggressive brain tumours in adults .	
Inhibitors targeting growth factor signalling pathways in glioma have shown a low clinical response rate .	
To accurately evaluate response to targeted therapies further in vitro studies are necessary .	
Growth factor pathway expression using epidermal growth factor receptor ( EGFR ) , mutant EGFR ( EGFRvIII ) , platelet derived growth factor receptor ( PDGFR ) , C-Kit and C-Abl together with phosphatase and tensin homolog ( PTEN ) expression and downstream activation of AKT and phosphorylated ribosomal protein S6 ( P70S6K ) was analysed in 26 primary glioma cultures treated with the tyrosine kinase inhibitors ( TKIs ) erlotinib , gefitinib and imatinib .	
Response to TKIs was assessed using 50% inhibitory concentrations ( IC(50) ) .	
Response for each culture was compared with the EGFR/PDGFR immunocytochemical pathway profile using hierarchical cluster analysis ( HCA ) and principal component analysis ( PCA ) .	
Erlotinib response was not strongly associated with high expression of the growth factor pathway components .	
PTEN expression did not correlate with response to any of the three TKIs .	
Increased EGFR expression was associated with gefitinib response ; increased PDGFR-α expression was associated with imatinib response .	9	93
The results of this in vitro study suggest gefitinib and imatinib may have therapeutic potential in HGG tumours with a corresponding growth factor receptor expression profile .	9	93
Our study reveals a previously unrecognized function of NOX in cancer metabolism and suggests that NOX is a potential novel target for cancer treatment .	
Suppression of NOX by chemical inhibition or genetic knockdown of gene expression selectively impacts cancer cells with mitochondrial dysfunction , leading to a decrease in cellular glycolysis , a loss of cell viability , and inhibition of cancer growth in vivo .	31	3
The upregulation of NOX is also consistently observed in cancer cells with compromised mitochondria due to the activation of oncogenic Ras or loss of p53 , and in primary pancreatic cancer tissues .	
We show that upregulation of NOX is critical to support the elevated glycolysis by providing additional NAD+ .	31	3
Here we report that induction of mitochondrial respiratory defect by tetracycline-controlled expression of a dominant negative form of DNA polymerase \u03b3 causes a metabolic shift from oxidative phosphorylation to glycolysis and increases ROS generation .	a21	31	3	a2	a
Elevated aerobic glycolysis in cancer cells ( the Warburg effect ) may be attributed to respiration injury or mitochondrial dysfunction , but the underlying mechanisms and therapeutic significance remain elusive .	
Until now , however , it has been unclear whether miR-124 is associated with CaP .	
In the present study , we completed a series of experiments to understand the functional role of miR-124 in CaP .	
The AP-1 transcription factor c-Jun is essential for cellular proliferation in many cell types , but the molecular link between growth factors and c-Jun activation has been enigmatic .	
In addition , increased serum levels of this chemokine were detected in patients with chronic lymphocytic leukemia .	
A high proportion of up-regulated genes were inflammatory cytokines , of which chemokine ( C-C motif ) ligand 2 ( CCL2 ) was shown to be induced in monocytes by the presence of chronic lymphocytic leukemia cells in vitro .	a	a2
METHODS AND RESULTS Athymic nude mice were implanted subcutaneously with human androgen-independent prostate carcinoma PC-3 cells .	
Postoperative survival rate in patients with micrometastasis and/or ENP with or without ENly , v was inferior to that in patients with neither of them .	
Immunosuppressive oligodeoxynucleotides ( SupODNs ) containing repetitive TTAGGG motifs reduce inflammation and , thus , may have an impact on inflammation‑related tumor growth .	
RESULTS The different survival-supportive culture conditions induced distinct gene expression changes , the majority of which were common to all three conditions .	
In this study , we found a significant antiproliferative effect of Sup ODNs on the A549 non‑small cell lung cancer ( NSCLC ) cell line compared to those treated with control ODNs ( p<0.05 ) .	
Cytokine antibody arrays were applied to study the composition of soluble factors present in these cultures .	
Sup-ODN-mediated G1 phase cell cycle arrest was achieved via inhibition of Akt and extracellular signal-regulated kinase 1/2 phosphorylation and the p15INK4b and p27KIP1/retinoblastoma protein pathway .	51	9	5	511	921	92
In contrast , β-carotene supplementation significantly increased the VEGF levels , as compared with tumor control group .	71	7	711
Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma ( PDAC ) is one of the most aggressive human neoplasms with extremely poor prognosis and a low survival rate .	
The objective of this study was to characterize the survival-inducing cross-talk of chronic lymphocytic leukemia cells with their microenvironment to identify novel therapeutic targets .	
In a setting similar to clinical use of multidrug chemotherapy for advanced NSCLC , these effects were investigated by using Sup ODNs in combination with conventional anticancer drugs .	
BACKGROUND Chronic lymphocytic leukemia cells show prolonged survival in vivo , but rapidly die by spontaneous apoptosis in vitro , unless they are co-cultured with stromal cells or non-malignant leukocytes .	
Sup ODNs had a significant synergistic effect with 5-fluorouracil , vinorelbine , gemcitabine , paclitaxel and irinotecan , with a mean combination index of 0.43-0.78 ( <1.0 indicates synergism ) in the A549 NSCLC cell line .	
We analyzed quantity and quality of the perineoplastic inflammatory SCC microenvironment in immunocompetent patients and immmunosuppressed OTRs .	
RNA expression profile of SCC patients was analyzed for 8 different sets of genes relating to Th1 versus Th2 response using Gene Set Enrichment Analysis .	
Squamous cell carcinoma ( SCC ) is the most frequent cancer in organ transplant recipients ( OTRs ) .	
The immune system plays a major role in the fight against SCC , however , little is known about the local inflammatory response in SCC at all .	
Considerable inflammation was seen in both patient groups .	a	a2
Therefore , oleuropein warrants further investigations to prove its utility in preventing/treating breast cancer , especially the less-responsive basal-like type .	
SCC from immunocompetent patients and OTRs were analyzed by real-time polymerase chain reactions for CD4 , CD8 , TBET , GATA-3 , FOXP3 , RORC , IFN-gamma , IL-4 , TGF-beta , IL-10 , and IL-17A mRNA expression .	
Immunohistochemistry was carried out in SCC for CD3 , CD4 , CD8 , and FOXP3 expression .	
CD4(+) mRNA was diminished in immunosuppression .	2	22
Thus , Sup ODNs may serve as a novel therapeutic strategy for NSCLC patients .	
These findings suggest that nano-TiO2 based photodynamic therapy has potential in the treatment of glioma .	
However , if TiO2 was combined with UVA irradiation the proliferation rate was decreased significantly compared to controls ( P<0.05 ) .	
Transmission electron microscopy demonstrated that glioma cells take up TiO2 by phagocytosis , and vital staining revealed that TiO2 alone has no effect on glioma cell proliferation .	
We studied the anti-glioma effects of nano-TiO2 excited with ultraviolet A ( UVA ) irradiation both in vitro and in vivo .	
We have investigated the possibility that photoexcited titanium dioxide ( TiO2 ) could inhibit the growth of malignant cells .	
Log-rank survival analysis showed that median survival duration was prolonged ( P<0.001 ) .	
TiO2 plus UVA led to pronounced areas of necrosis , elevated indices of apoptosis , delayed tumor growth , and increased survival compared with the TiO2-alone control group ( P<0.001 ) .	83	81	8
We then investigated the in vivo antitumor effects of combined TiO2 plus UVA treatment of established glioma tumors .	
RT-PCR suggested that TiO2 induction of glioma cell apoptosis is associated with changes in the expression of genes encoding Bcl-2 family members .	
A CCR4 antagonist did not affect Treg percentage in the tumor either .	
Furthermore , we noted that N(ω)-hydroxy-L-arginine or L-arginine , an arginase-1 inhibitor , blocked the reduction in MHC class II levels on CD11c(+) DC during the tumor-bearing state .	
However , intense Treg cell division in the tumor microenvironment was demonstrated , suggesting local proliferation as a major mechanism of Treg accumulation in PDAC .	
N ( 7)-methyl-G and N ( 3)-methyl-A adducts comprise more than 80% of DNA lesions induced by temozolomide and are processed by the base excision repair , suggesting that the cellular resistance could be caused , in part , by this efficient repair pathway , although few studies have focused on this subject .	
In addition , the pesticide increases ERα protein content and decreases p-Y537-ERα levels and ERα/c-Src association in tumors .	9	93
In tumors , HCB also induces c-Src and HER1 activation , c-Src/HER1 association , as well as T308-Akt and Y699-STAT5b phosphorylation .	
There was a significant correlation between abnormal beta-catenin expression and depth of invasion(P < 0.025 ) .	11	1
Moreover , abnormal beta-catenin expression was more frequent in tumors with positive lymph node metastasis ( 45/84 , 53.6% ) and distance metastasis(21/31 , 67.7% ) than in tumors without lymph node metastasis ( 19/64 , 29.7% ) ( P < 0.005 ) and distance metastasis ( 43/117 , 36.8% ) ( P < 0.005 ) .	1	12
The results suggested that human ITPA plays a pivotal role in the protection of DNA from noncanonical purine base analogs .	
Abnormal beta-catenin and E-cadherin staining occurred more frequently in poor differentiated tumor than in good differentiated tumors ( P < 0.005 , respectively ) .	
The polymorphism has been associated with adverse reaction to purine base-analog drugs .	
The level of both spontaneous and HAP-induced DNA breaks is elevated in the cell line with the ITPA P32T variant .	612	61	6
We demonstrate that the model purine base analog HAP induces DNA breaks in human cells and leads to elevation of levels of ITPA .	612	61	6
A human polymorphic allele of the ITPA , 94C->A encodes for the enzyme with a P32T amino-acid change and leads to accumulation of nonhydrolyzed ITP .	
Base analogs are powerful antimetabolites and dangerous mutagens generated endogenously by oxidative stress , inflammation , and aberrant nucleotide biosynthesis .	
Human inosine triphosphate pyrophosphatase ( ITPA ) hydrolyzes triphosphates of noncanonical purine bases ( i.e. , ITP , dITP , XTP , dXTP , or their mimic : 6-hydroxyaminopurine ( HAP ) deoxynucleoside triphosphate ) and thus regulates nucleotide pools and protects cells from DNA damage .	
Our results show that SK1 is proteolysed in response to genotoxic stress in a p53-dependent manner. p53 null mice display elevation of SK1 levels and a tumor-promoting dysregulation of bioactive sphingolipids in which the anti-growth sphingolipid ceramide is decreased and the pro-growth sphingolipid S1P is increased .	
Importantly , deletion of SK1 in p53 null mice completely abrogated thymic lymphomas in these mice and prolonged their life span by Deletion of SK1 also significantly attenuated the formation of other cancers in p53 heterozygote mice .	
The mechanism of p53 tumor suppression by loss of SK1 is mediated by elevations of sphingosine and ceramide , which in turn were accompanied by increased expression of cell cycle inhibitors and tumor cell senescence .	
Thus , targeting SK1 may restore sphingolipid homeostasis in p53-dependent tumors and provide insights into novel therapeutic approaches to cancer .	
p53 is a crucial tumor suppressor that is mutated or deleted in a majority of cancers .	
Exactly how p53 prevents tumor progression has proved elusive for many years ; however , this information is crucial to define targets for chemotherapeutic development that can effectively restore p53 function .	
Bioactive sphingolipids have recently emerged as important regulators of proliferative , apoptotic and senescent cellular processes .	
In this study , we demonstrate that the enzyme sphingosine kinase 1 ( SK1 ) , a critical enzyme in the regulation of the key bioactive sphingolipids ceramide , sphingosine and sphingosine-1-phosphate ( S1P ) , serves as a key downstream target for p53 action .	
Cyclin B1 is the major activator of CDK1 .	91	9
CONCLUSIONS Our results suggested that silencing IKKε using synthetic siRNA may offer a novel therapeutic strategy for breast cancer .	
The present study provided the first evidence that silencing IKKε using synthetic siRNA could inhibit the invasiveness properties and proliferation of breast cancer cells .	
Confluent cells induced to differentiate by treatment with insulin , dexamethasone , and isobutylmethylxanthine initially exhibited an increased proliferative response compared with cells given serum alone .	
This initial differentiation response was associated with a twofold increase in both histone gene transcription and cellular histone mRNA levels , as well as with enhanced sequence-specific binding of nuclear factors to the proximal cell-cycle-regulatory element of the H4 histone promoter .	
The aim of this study was to address whether there is a fundamental difference in regulation of histone gene expression in cells that have become quiescent but retain the ability to proliferate , compared with those cells that have differentiated .	
We compared multiple levels of regulation of histone gene expression during 3T3-L1 pre-adipocyte differentiation .	
Our results are consistent with the down-regulation of histone gene expression at confluency being controlled primarily at the post-transcriptional level , in contrast to an increased involvement of transcriptional down-regulation at the onset of differentiation .	
Transforming growth factor beta 1 , an inhibitor of 3T3-L1 differentiation , increased both the percentage of proliferating cells and the cellular levels of histone mRNA when given in addition to serum stimulation , but no enhancement of these parameters was observed upon addition of TGF beta 1 to the differentiation treatment .	9	92
Interestingly , although TGF beta 1 enhanced binding of nuclear factors to the proximal cell cycle regulatory element of the histone promoter , these protein/DNA interactions were not associated with an increase in histone transcription .	
Eugenol markedly inhibited all .	
To ascertain the molecular mechanisms implicated in the antitumor promoting activity of eugenol , its effect was investigated on markers of tumor promotion and inflammation : ODC activity and iNOS and COX-2 expression , and on levels of proinflammatory cytokines ( IL-6 , TNF-alpha , and PGE(2) ) .	a	a2
Bypass and stoma operation neither prolonged the survival nor improved the difficulty of swallowing compared with radiochemotherapy alone .	
Esophagectomy can achieve the best improvement of swallowing and the longest survival with an acceptable mortality rate .	
There is also evidence that soluble GPC3 may be a useful serum biomarker for HCC .	
An anti-GPC3 monoclonal antibody has shown anti-cancer activity in mice and its humanised IgG molecule is currently undergoing clinical evaluation in patients with HCC .	
GPC3 is a promising candidate for liver cancer therapy given that it shows high expression in HCC .	
GPC3 is also able to bind basic growth factors such as fibroblast growth factor 2 through its heparan sulphate glycan chains .	9	92
GPC3 binds Wnt and Hedgehog ( Hh ) signalling proteins .	
Loss-of-function mutations of GPC3 cause Simpson-Golabi-Behmel syndrome ( SGBS ) , a rare X-linked overgrowth condition .	
GPC3 is a cell-surface protein that is over-expressed in HCC .	
Initiation with DMBA led to a significant upregulation of p53 expression with a concomitant increase in p21(WAF1) levels in epidermal cells indicating induction of damage to the DNA .	51	61	5	6	511
The effect of eugenol was assessed on specific stages of carcinogenesis .	
Hepatocellular carcinoma ( HCC ) remains a common malignant cancer worldwide .	
ZBP-89 stimulates growth arrest and apoptosis through its ability to bind the p21WAF1 promoter or its ability to form protein-protein interactions with p53 .	51	5	511	8	81
Butyrate activation of p21WAF1 is potentiated by ZBP-89 through the recruitment of the co-activator p300 , while chronic stimulation by butyrate increases ZBP-89 gene expression correlating with cell differentiation .	
In particular , ZBP-89 is normally expressed in pancreatic islets and ducts and in about 30% of pancreatic adenocarcinomas .	
ZBP-89 protein is elevated in a variety of gastrointestinal cancers as well as the pancreas .	
Originally , it was expression cloned using a DNA element mediating EGF regulation of the gastrin promoter .	
ZBP-89 ( ZNF148 ) is a Zinc finger Binding Protein of 89 kDa that binds GC-rich DNA elements .	
A variety of extracellular regulators including TGFbeta , retinoic acid and butyrate stimulate ZBP-89 gene expression .	
ZBP-89 functions as both a transcriptional activator and repressor .	
CONCLUSIONS Although the phylogenetic position of Hylia is uncertain , we tentatively support the recognition of the family Hyliidae Bannerman , 1923 for this genus and Pholidornis .	
The compaction/dispersion status of DNA throughout the cell cycle appears to be an important factor for determining intrinsic cell radiosensitivity and might be manipulated for radiotherapeutic advantage .	
How the enhanced production of these simple DNA lesions ( that are usually reparable ) translates into the lethal ( non-reparable ) events associated with alpha-inactivation is not known .	
CONCLUSIONS The alpha-inactivation coefficient of mitotic HT-29 cells was times larger than that of interphase cells .	
The chromatin in mitotic cells was found to be times more sensitive to radiation-induced DNA single-strand breakage than the chromatin of interphase cells .	
In addition , chromatin in mitotic cells was found to be more susceptible to radiation-induced DNA strand-breakage than the dispersed chromatin of interphase cells .	
Mitotic cell chromatin appears to contain intrinsic DNA breaks that are not lethal .	
We here present a phylogenetic hypothesis for Sylvioidea based on one mitochondrial and six nuclear markers , in total kbp , for 79 ingroup species representing all currently recognised families and some species with uncertain affinities , making this the most comprehensive analysis of this taxon .	
Taken together , our results suggested an immunomodulatory role for GPX3 that limits the development of colitis-associated carcinoma .	
RESULTS The resolution , especially of the deeper nodes , is much improved compared to previous studies .	
To determine the impact of acute gene loss in an established colon cancer line , we silenced GPX3 in human Caco2 cells , resulting in increased ROS production , DNA damage and apoptosis in response to oxidative stress , combined with decreased contact-independent growth .	a21	61	a2	a	6	8	81
Nasopharyngeal tumors with similar morphological appearance should be examined for TTF-1 immunoreactivity , and patients should be clinically followed to determine the course of this unusual disease and the significance of TTF-1 expression .	
After confirmation of the isolated VRSA strain , genetic analysis was performed by evaluating mecA and vanA gene presence , SCCmec , agr , and spa types , and toxin profiles .	
They were negative for CK5/6 , CK20 , thyroglobulin , S-100 protein and CD15 .	
In situ hybridization for EBV was negative .	
Multilocus sequence typing ( MLST ) and plasmid analysis were also performed .	
CONCLUSIONS Combining retinoids with trastuzumab maximally inhibits cell growth and induces apoptosis in trastuzumab-sensitive cells .	8	81
Treatment with such combinations may have benefit for breast cancer patients .	
The retinoid drug combinations altered signaling by HER2 and ER .	9	93
Retinoids were inactive in trastuzumab-resistant BT474 cells .	
In addition , they exhibited increased inflammation with redistribution toward protumorigenic M2 macrophage subsets , increased proliferation , hyperactive WNT signaling , and increased DNA damage .	61	a2	a	6
After successful knockdown of PrxIII expression by small interfering RNA , we evaluated ROS level , viable cell number , and apoptosis of cervical cancer cells along with the culture time .	
In this study , we found that di- and tri-methylation of histone H3 at K4 and acetylation of histones H3 and H4 from the promoter/enhancer to the transcribed region close to the transcription initiation site of the solute carrier family 2 , member 5 ( SLC2A5 ) gene , and its expression , were induced by differentiation of intestine-like Caco-2 cells .	
As a result , CD11b(+)Ly6G(+) cells were systemically increased in association with activation of Stat3 , NF-κB , Erk1/2 , and p38 molecules .	
Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ ( PPARγ ) is an anti-inflammatory molecule .	
To study its biologic function in myeloid cells , dominant-negative PPARγ ( dnPPARγ ) was overexpressed in a myeloid-specific bitransgenic mouse model .	
These results support the hypothesis that TNF secretion by human monocytes depends on glycolysis and suggest that LA and acidification may be involved in the suppression of TNF secretion in the tumor environment .	31	3
Blocking of glycolysis by 2-deoxyglucose strongly inhibited TNF secretion , whereas suppression of oxidative phosphorylation by rotenone had little effect .	
Both treatments increased intracellular [ 2,3-(13)C(2)]lactate levels .	
Addition of unlabeled LA resulted in a highly significant decrease in [ 2,3-(13)C(2)]lactate secretion , whereas a mere corresponding decrease in pH exerted a less pronounced effect .	
Multiple forms of carcinoma and sarcoma in the lung , liver , spleen , and lymph nodes were observed in doxycycline-treated bitransgenic mice .	
For most compounds , higher levels of DNA adducts accumulated in J201 cells than in primary HUFs .	61	611	6
This difference was not reflected in the comet assay or by cell viability changes .	
Furthermore , reduced expression of p53 and p16 was observed in LKB1 ablated cells , while no differences were detected for cyclin D1 and cyclin E. These results jointly suggest that endogenous LKB1 knockdown accelerates cell cycle progression through G(1)/S checkpoint in HEK-293T cells and HUVECs , which is at least in part , mediated by decline of p53 and p16 pathways .	9	51	511	5	91
Our findings provided a plausible mechanism by which loss of LKB1 expression in normal cells contributes to the formation of malignancies .	
Here we ablated endogenous expression of LKB1 in two normal cell lines : human embryonic kidney 293T cells ( HEK-293T cells ) and human umbilical vein endothelial cells ( HUVECs ) by LKB1-specific short hairpin RNAs .	
Downregulation of endogenous LKB1 lead to a facilitated G(1)/S transition , accompanied by a concomitant increase in Rb phosphorylation ( Ser(807/811) ) .	91	9
The tumor suppressor LKB1 is inactivated in 90% of Peutz-Jeghers cancer syndrome , 30-40% of non-small cell lung carcinoma , and a variety of other cancers , indicating the loss of LKB1 activity is a critical step in oncogenesis .	
However , current understanding of LKB1 function is largely limited to the results from cancer cells , and how LKB1 inactivation initiates malignant transformation in normal cells remains unclear .	
PCRs were positive for the mecA and vanA genes .	
Experiments in three additional immortal HUF cell lines ( AAI49 , U56 , and E2-143 ) confirmed strong differences in DNA adduct levels compared with primary HUFs .	61	611	6
However , these did not correlate with the protein expression of Nqo1 or Nat1/2 , or with gene expression of Cyp1a1 or Cyp1b1 .	
We took a reverse genetics approach to investigate whether GPX3 would augment inflammatory colonic tumorigenesis , a process characterized by oxidative stress and inflammation , comparing Gpx3(-/-) mice in an established two-stage model of inflammatory colon carcinogenesis .	
The modal chromosomal number was stable at the triploid range and marker chromosomes were present ; the Ebstein-Barr virus was absent in the cultured cells .	
A cell line designated HUUCLEC was established from a human uterine cervical lymphoepithelial carcinoma obtained from a 61-year-old Japanese woman .	
The cell line has grown slowly without interruption and serial passages were successively carried out 60 times within 3 years .	
The cultured cells were spindle or round in shape , showing anaplastic and pleomorphic features , a pavement cell arrangement and multilayering without contact inhibition .	5	52
The population doubling time of the HUUCLEC line was 72 hours while the chromosomal number varied widely and showed aneuploidy .	6
Surgery was the elected treatment in every case .	
Five patients experienced local recurrences , and metastases developed in 22 .	
Thirty-five cases of clear cell sarcoma of soft tissues were studied to determine the clinical or morphologic features that are important in predicting prognosis .	
Tumors occurred most commonly in the extremities , and the majority of the patients were young women .	
The clusters are separated by delicate fibrous septa .	
In a deletion , clear cell sarcoma has low mitotic activity , little or no necrosis , and mild nuclear pleomorphism .	83	8
Fifty-four percent of the patients died of tumor , 11% are alive with disease , and the remaining 34% are alive and well ; the average survival for each group was 67 months , 113 months , and 103.5 months , respectively .	
This sarcoma is characterized by small clusters of polygonal to spindle cells featuring clear to slightly basophilic cytoplasm and vesicular nuclei with prominent nucleoli .	
Tumor size and the presence of necrosis are statistically significant predictors of prognosis .	83	8
All 12 patients with tumors measuring > 5 cm died of disease or are alive with disease .	
Conclusion .	
The whole body effective dose for humans was estimated to be 0.038 and 0.029 mSv/MBq for females and males , respectively , with highest absorbed dose in bladder wall .	
OGT-mediated regulation of invasion and angiogenesis was dependent upon regulation of the oncogenic transcription factor FoxM1 , a key regulator of invasion and angiogenesis , as reducing OGT expression led to increased FoxM1 protein degradation .	
Reducing O-GlcNAcylation in PC3-ML cells was associated with reduced expression of matrix metalloproteinase ( MMP)-2 , MMP-9 , and VEGF , resulting in inhibition of invasion and angiogenesis .	11	1	7
Using a mouse model of metastasis , we found that reduction of OGT expression blocked bone metastasis .	
Conversely , overexpression of a degradation-resistant FoxM1 mutant abrogated OGT RNAi-mediated effects on invasion , MMP levels , angiogenesis , and VEGF expression .	
Increased flux through the hexosamine biosynthetic pathway leads to increases in the post-translational addition of O-linked β-N-acetylglucosamine ( O-GlcNAc ) to various nuclear and cytosolic proteins .	
Cancer cells universally increase glucose and glutamine consumption , leading to the altered metabolic state known as the Warburg effect ; one metabolic pathway , highly dependent on glucose and glutamine , is the hexosamine biosynthetic pathway .	
Here , we show that O-GlcNAc transferase ( OGT ) is overexpressed in prostate cancer compared with normal prostate epithelium and that OGT protein and O-GlcNAc levels are elevated in prostate carcinoma cell lines .	
A number of these target proteins are implicated in cancer , and recently , O-GlcNAcylation was shown to play a role in breast cancer ; however , O-GlcNAcylation in other cancers remains poorly defined .	
Altogether , these data suggest that as prostate cancer cells alter glucose and glutamine levels , O-GlcNAc modifications and OGT levels become elevated and are required for regulation of malignant properties , implicating OGT as a novel therapeutic target in the treatment of cancer .	
The glutathione peroxidase GPX3 is the only extracellular member of this family , suggesting it may defend cells against ROS in the extracellular environment .	
Strains bearing the amplification display dramatically enhanced resistance to arsenite that correlates with the copy number of the repeat ; the origin of increased resistance was verified as transport-related by functional complementation of an arsenite transporter mutant of Saccharomyces cerevisiae .	
Subsequent experimental evolution in the presence of increasing concentrations of arsenite yielded highly resistant strains with the ARR3 amplicon further amplified to over 50 copies , accounting for up to of the whole genome and making the copy number of this repeat as high as that seen for the ribosomal DNA .	
The example described here therefore represents a rare evolutionary intermediate-an array that is currently in a state of dynamic flux , in dramatic contrast to relatively common , static relics of past tandem duplications that are unable to further amplify due to nucleotide divergence .	
Beyond identifying and engineering fungal isolates that are highly resistant to arsenite and describing the first reported instance of microevolution via massive gene amplification in C. neoformans , these results suggest that adaptation through gene amplification may be an important mechanism that C. neoformans employs in response to environmental stresses , perhaps including those encountered during infection .	
Purpose .	
Human genome-wide gene expression analysis was performed to detect effects of Lys(8)-psi-Lys(9)NT(8-13) on BxPC-3 cells .	
Neurotensin ( NT ) induces intracellular alkalinization and stimulates interleukin-8 production in pancreatic cancer cells and , as demonstrated here , the stable NT analog Lys(8)-psi-Lys(9)NT(8-13) enhances the amiloride-sensitive , Na+-dependent transmembrane H+ flux by a factor of 2.05+/-0.28 and 2.69+/-0.07 in BxPC-3 and PANC-1 pancreatic cancer cells , respectively , by phosphorylation of the Na+/H+ exchanger 1 ( NHE1 ) .	
Overexpression or activation of integral membrane proteins mediating H+ efflux may contribute to extracellular acidification .	
Acidosis commonly observed in solid tumors like pancreatic cancer promotes genetic instability and selection of a more malignant phenotype of cancer cells .	
These results imply that celecoxib deactivates the G(2) checkpoint via both Cdc25C- and p21-dependent pathways in irradiated cells , which subsequently die by secondary apoptosis .	51	5	511	8	81
Therefore , our findings suggest that growth factors like NT may be implicated in the early progression of pancreatic cancer by localized acidification and induction of an aerobic glycolytic phenotype with higher metastatic potential in small cell aggregates .	31	3
Results indicated upregulation of genes involved in regulation of NHE1 , hypoxic response and glycolysis in response to Lys(8)-psi-Lys(9)NT(8-13) even under normoxic conditions .	31	3
As a member of peroxiredoxin ( Prx ) family , PrxIII is predominantly located in mitochondria and plays an important role as a scavenger of reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) .	
We recently found angiotensin II to be genotoxic due to its induction of oxidative stress .	
From biodistribution data human radiation-absorbed doses were estimated using OLINDA/EXM .	
The HMEC UDS assay may be used to address the role of environmental agents in human breast cancer by determining whether chemicals are DNA reactive or metabolized to DNA reactive species in this critical target tissue .	61	6
Gene expression of angiogenesis markers integrin α(V) , integrin β(3) , and VEGF-A were analyzed using QPCR and correlated to the tracer uptake in the tumors ( %ID/g ) .	
Other functional categories altered included chromosome organization , apoptosis , and stress response .	
These results demonstrate the multiple mechanisms of antitumor activity of DHC and fisetin in prostate cancer cells in vitro .	
The mechanism of accelerated cellular senescence was not activated by either compound in PC3 or lymph node carcinoma of the prostate ( LNCaP ) cells .	42	4
Gene expression alterations in PC3 and LNCaP cells treated with 15 muM DHC and 25 microM fisetin for 6 to 24 h were determined by oligonucleotide array .	
Amongst the most highly represented functional categories of genes altered by both compounds was the cell cycle category .	9	51	91	5	511
In total , 100 cell cycle genes were altered by DHC and fisetin including 27 genes with key functions in G2/M phase that were downregulated by both compounds .	9	51	91	5	511
We have previously demonstrated the antiproliferative effect of two flavonoids-2,2'-dihydroxychalcone ( DHC ) , a novel synthetic flavonoid , and fisetin , a naturally occurring flavonol-in prostate cancer cells .	
In this study , we further examine the mechanisms of these compounds on survival and proliferation pathways .	
DHC and fisetin ( 1-50 microM ) caused a dose-dependent reduction in viability , a concomitant increase in apoptosis in PC3 cells at 72 h , and a decrease in clonogenic survival at 24 h treatment .	
DHC was considerably more potent than fisetin in these cytotoxicity assays .	
In addition , we present evidence for increased LDHA and SOD2 expression in SDHB-PHEOs/PGLs , proteins that have been proposed as promising therapeutic targets in other cancers .	
Formation of microgranuloma , which is one of the indicators for chronic inflammatory response , was observed in the alveolar space .	a	a2
In addition , distribution of B cell and CD8+ T cell in blood lymphocytes was increased at day 28 .	a	a2
Thus , like apoptosis , senescence appears to be a p53-induced cellular response to DNA damage and an important factor in determining treatment outcome .	42	61	4	6	8	81
Expressions of many genes related with inflammation or tissue damage such as heat shock protein , matrix metalloproteinase , tissue inhibitors of metalloproteinases , and serum amyloid A were significantly induced .	a	a2
The arrest of cell cycles in G1 phase was observed , but S-phase was significantly decreased .	91	9
The concentrations of pro-inflammatory cytokines ( IL-1 , TNF-alpha , and IL-6 ) were dose-dependently increased at day 1 after instillation in the BAL fluid and in the blood .	a	a2
Often the use of cytotoxic drugs in cancer therapy results in stable disease rather than regression of the tumor , and this is typically seen as a failure of treatment .	
We now show that DNA damage is able to induce senescence in tumor cells expressing wild-type p53 .	61	42	4	6
Magnetite iron nanoparticles have been widely used as contrast agents and in thermal therapy for cancer .	
However , their adverse effects on human health have not been fully investigated .	
Down-regulated MSH gene activities reaching about 50% of control were also induced in embryos exposed to paraquat , a reactive oxygen species ( ROS)-generating herbicide , or hydrogen peroxide at 200 \u03bcM .	
QPCR confirmed the protective effects of antioxidants on Cd-suppressed msh2/msh6 mRNA production .	
These results show the importance of the CCK-BR in regulation of growth and apoptosis in pancreatic cancer .	
Following the exposure of zebrafish embryos at 1 h post fertilization ( hpf ) to sublethal concentrations of Cd at 3-5 \u03bcM for 4 or 9 h , a parallel down-regulation of MSH2 , MSH6 and Cu/Zn superoxide dismutase ( Cu/Zn-SOD ) gene expression was detected by real-time RT-PCR and the expression levels were 40-50% of control after a 9-h exposure .	
This study was undertaken to explore if Cd-induced oxidative stress down-regulated MSH gene activities .	
Whole mount in situ hybridization revealed a wide distribution of msh6 mRNA in the head regions of 10 hpf embryos and pretreatment of embryos with antioxidants butylhydroxytoluene ( BHT ) , d-mannitol or N-acetylcysteine ( NAC ) at 1-10 \u03bcM restored Cd-suppressed msh6 expression .	
Cd exposure also induced oxidative stress , yet no inhibition of catalase gene activity was observed .	a21	a2	a
Cadmium ( Cd ) is a genotoxic heavy metal that has been recognized as a human carcinogen .	
In vivo , tumor growth was significantly reduced in treated vs. control mice ( P < 0.05 ) .	
Our previous studies indicated the ability of Cd to disturb the gene expression of MSH6 in zebrafish ( Danio rerio ) embryos .	
Oxidant stress and inhibition of DNA repair have been proposed as major factors underlying Cd genotoxicity .	
To do so , the normal , well-established and characterized rat intestinal epithelial IEC-6 cells were transduced with a retrovirus carrying the oncogenic constitutive active form of Met receptor , Tpr-Met .	
In the present study , we investigated the role of the deregulation of Met receptor in the neoplastic transformation of intestinal epithelial cells .	
However , the physiopathological functions of such a deregulation remain poorly understood .	
The deregulation of Met/hepatocyte growth factor ( HGF ) receptor tyrosine kinase signaling constitutes a common event in colorectal cancers .	
Hence , our study demonstrates for the first time that the sole oncogenic engagement of Met receptor in normal intestinal epithelial cells is sufficient to induce a wide array of cancerous biological processes that are fundamental to the initiation and malignant progression of colorectal cancers .	
Of significance , Tpr-Met-IEC-6 cells are endowed with the ability to elicit angiogenic responses and to form tumors and metastases in vivo .	7	71
Moreover , Tpr-Met-IEC-6 cells are conferred the capacity to produce the proangiogenic factor VEGF and to reduce the potent antiangiogenic factor thrombospondin-1 .	71	7	711
Herein , we show that compared with control IEC-6 cells , Tpr-Met-IEC-6 cells exhibit enhanced proliferation , loss of growth-contact inhibition , cell morphological alterations , actin cytoskeletal reorganization , loss of E-cadherin expression and anchorage-independent growth .	5	52
Semaphorin 5A and its regulated molecules could be the potential targets for cancer therapy .	
Taken together , the present work revealed a novel function of semaphorin 5A that the existence of semaphorin 5A could promote invasion and metastasis of gastric cancer by regulating MMP9 expression , at least partially , via the MEK/ERKs signal transduction pathway .	1	921	92	9
Furthermore , MEK inhibitor PD98059 and MMP9 antibody ( Ab ) significantly inhibited in vitro invasive and metastatic abilities induced by semaphorin 5A .	1
Semaphorin 5A increased the expression of MMP9 by activating phosphorylated ErK1/2 in gastric cancer cell .	
By using human gastric caner cell lines Parental SGC7901 , SGC7901-siScrambled and SGC7901-siSema 5A , we found that semaphorin 5A significantly promoted the invasive and metastatic abilities of gastric cancer cell in vitro .	1
However , its functional roles and mechanism(s) in invasion and metastasis of gastric cancer remain unclear .	
Previously , we showed that the expression of semaphorin 5A might contribute to the metastasis of gastric cancer .	
Semaphorin 5A , a member of semaphorin family , was originally identified as axonal guidance factor functioning during neuronal development .	
Here , we show that a human microRNA , miR-421 , suppresses ATM expression by targeting the 3'-untranslated region ( 3'UTR ) of ATM transcripts .	
MicroRNAs are naturally existing regulators that modulate gene expression in a sequence-specific manner .	
Little is known about the regulatory mechanisms for ATM expression itself .	
Ataxia-telangiectasia mutated ( ATM ) is a high molecular weight protein serine/threonine kinase that plays a central role in the maintenance of genomic integrity by activating cell cycle checkpoints and promoting repair of DNA double-strand breaks .	
Taken together , our findings implicate a previously undescribed regulatory mechanism for ATM expression and ATM-dependent DNA damage response and provide several potential targets for treating neuroblastoma and perhaps A-T .	61	6
Overexpression of the N-Myc transcription factor , an oncogene frequently amplified in neuroblastoma , induced miR-421 expression , which , in turn , down-regulated ATM expression , establishing a linear signaling pathway that may contribute to N-Myc-induced tumorigenesis in neuroblastoma .	
Blocking the interaction between miR-421 and ATM 3'UTR with an antisense morpholino oligonucleotide rescued the defective phenotype caused by miR-421 overexpression , indicating that ATM mediates the effect of miR-421 on cell cycle checkpoint and radiosensitivity .	5	51
Ectopic expression of miR-421 resulted in S-phase cell cycle checkpoint changes and an increased sensitivity to ionizing radiation , creating a cellular phenotype similar to that of cells derived from ataxia-telangiectasia ( A-T ) patients .	5	51
Moreover , MACC1 expression is an independent prognostic factor for NSCLC .	
MACC1 and c-met have poor prognosis in patients with NSCLC .	
Surgery is the most effective therapy for cancer in the United States , but disease still recurs in more than 40% of patients within 5 years after resection .	
Chemotherapy is given postoperatively to prevent relapses ; however , this approach has had marginal success .	
After surgery , recurrent tumors depend on rapid neovascular proliferation to deliver nutrients and oxygen .	
Phosphatidylserine ( PS ) is exposed on the vascular endothelial cells in the tumor microenvironment but is notably absent on blood vessels in normal tissues .	
Thus , PS is an attractive target for cancer therapy after surgery .	
Syngeneic mice bearing TC1 lung cancer tumors were treated with mch1N11 ( a novel mouse chimeric monoclonal antibody that targets PS ) , cisplatin ( cis ) , or combination after surgery .	
Tumor relapses and disease progression were decreased 90% by combination therapy compared with a 50% response rate for cis alone ( P = .02 ) .	
Mice receiving postoperative mch1N11 had no wound-related complications or added systemic toxicity in comparison to control animals .	
Mechanistic studies demonstrated that the effects of mch1N11 were associated with a dense infiltration of inflammatory cells , particularly granulocytes .	a	a2
This strategy was independent of the adaptive immune system .	a1	a
IL-23R expression in the carcinoma tissue was also relatively high at the deepest point of invasion in certain cases .	
The proliferative and invasive activities and/or TGF-β production of DLD-1 cells increased by IL-23 stimulation , whereas no change was observed in the activities of MIP101 and KM12c cells .	11	1
These data suggest that rofecoxib slows the growth of human pancreatic cancer through changes in gene expression that favor cell cycle arrest .	9	51	91	5	511
Our data suggest that MSCs can promote cell survival by regulating mitochondrial respiration via STC1 .	
Knockdown of UCP2 reduced the ability of MSCs and recombinant STC1 ( rSTC1 ) to reduce cell death in the A549 population. rSTC1-treated A549 cells displayed decreased levels of ROS , mitochondrial membrane potential ( MMP ) , and increased lactate production , all of which were dependent on the upregulation of UCP2 .	
MSC-derived STC1 upregulated uncoupling protein 2 ( UCP2 ) in injured A549 cells in an STC1-dependent manner .	
This study shows that MSC-derived STC1 promotes survival of lung cancer cells by uncoupling oxidative phosphorylation , reducing intracellular reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) , and shifting metabolism towards a more glycolytic metabolic profile .	a21	31	3	a2	a
No systemic toxicity was observed in mice receiving rofecoxib .	
In spheroid confrontation assays U87MG cells showed only limited invasion of the glial population , but reduction of Nm23-H1 expression in U87MG cells abrogated CIL resulting in invasion .	11	1
In U87MG cells , Nm23-H1 is translocated to the sites of contact with glia through association with \u03b1-catenin and N-cadherin .	
CONCLUSIONS AND CLINICAL RELEVANCE RPA2 up-regulation may thus be involved in the growth and/or survival of BRCA1 tumor cells and useful in immunohistochemical discrimination of triple-negative BRCA1 tumors .	
Strikingly , elevated levels of RPA2 were more frequently observed in BRCA1 tumors when triple-negative tumors from BRCA1 mutation carriers ( n=13 ) and non-carriers ( n=36 ) were stained in situ for RPA2 .	
Contact inhibition of locomotion ( CIL ) is the process by which cells stop the continual migration in the same direction after collision with another cell .	
Highly invasive malignant cells exhibit diminished CIL when they contact stromal cells , which allows invasion of the tissue by tumors .	
We show that Nm23-H1 is essential for the suppression of Rac1 through inactivation of Tiam1 at the sites of cell-cell contact , which plays a pivotal role in CIL .	5	52
U87MG cells show CIL when they contact normal glia .	
Here , we sought to identify differentially expressed proteins related to BRCA1 depletion .	
The identification of these modifications offers an opportunity to find surrogate markers of BRCA1 tumors .	
The development of BRCA1 tumors is likely to depend on additional genetic alterations and gene expression changes which follow growth and DNA repair defects associated with BRCA1 deficiency .	
PURPOSE Germline mutations in BRCA1 result in a strong predisposition to breast cancer , with frequent loss of heterozygosity of the remaining wild-type allele .	
We further demonstrated that depletion of RPA2 subunit delays growth of BRCA1(KD) respect to isogenic control cells .	
RPA2 is an essential protein required for DNA replication and repair .	62	6
RESULTS We detected increased levels of Replication protein A2 ( RPA2 ) in BRCA1(KD) cells as compared to control cells .	
EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN We used isogenic HeLa cells either stably knocked-down or not for BRCA1 ( BRCA1(KD) ) and compared protein profiles of these cells by DIGE .	
VIP has previously been shown in our laboratory to cause the in vitro growth inhibition and morphological differentiation of the human neuroblastoma cell line , LA-N-5 .	
Elevated serum levels of vasoactive intestinal peptide ( VIP ) are associated with some cases of neuroblastoma and correlate with a favorable prognosis .	
Antagonism of endogenous VIP , either by competitive inhibition or receptor blockade , increased cell proliferation , suggesting that VIP is operative in normal growth regulation .	9	93
It is now shown that LA-N-5 cells express immunoreactive VIP and bear specific VIP receptors .	
Furthermore , a concomitant marked increase in VIP receptor expression was demonstrated with cellular differentiation .	9	93
Intracellular and extracellular levels of VIP were also shown to increase significantly during the retinoic acid-induced differentiation of these cells .	
It is concluded that VIP is a normal autoregulator of neuroblastoma cell growth and differentiation , and that retinoic acid-mediated differentiation may be , in part , due to endogenous VIP .	9
These receptors remain functional as evidenced by a matching increase in the level of detectable cAMP generated in response to exogenous VIP .	
Morphometrical analysis has shown significant proapototic shift in Bcl-2/Bax ratio in tumor cells .	8	81
Significant down-regulation of the pro-apoptotic proteins p53 and Bax , and up-regulation of the anti-apoptotic proteins Bcl-2 and p-Bad were observed when the cells were preincubated with the nitrones prior to H₂O₂-treatment .	
It was also observed that Nrf-2 silencing completely abolished the protective effects of nitrones .	
Every cell is subjected to thousands of DNA lesions daily under normal physiological conditions .	
DNA repair is an essential cellular process required to maintain genomic stability .	
Detailed dose and time course kinetics of DNA repair transcription was conducted and results have been validated utilizing PCR methods .	
We found a selection of DNA repair genes , including some not previously reported , that are modulated in response to radiation .	62	6
These exon arrays detect expression levels across the entire gene , and have the advantage of high sensitivity and the ability to identify alternative transcripts .	
To understand the detailed DNA repair gene transcription response to high dose IR , gene expression exon array studies have been performed and the response to radiation in two divergent cell types , lymphoblastoid cell lines and primary fibroblasts , has been examined .	
Oxidative stress is the main etiological factor behind the pathogenesis of various diseases including inflammation , cancer , cardiovascular and neurodegenerative disorders .	
Due to the spin trapping abilities and various pharmacological properties of nitrones , their application as therapeutic agent has been gaining attention .	
Though the antioxidant properties of the nitrones are well known , the mechanism by which they modulate the cellular defense machinery against oxidative stress is not well investigated and requires further elucidation .	
Here , we have investigated the mechanisms of cytoprotection of the nitrone spin traps against oxidative stress in bovine aortic endothelial cells ( BAEC ) .	
Cytoprotective properties of both the cyclic nitrone 5,5-dimethyl-pyrroline N-oxide ( DMPO ) and linear nitrone α-phenyl N-tert-butyl nitrone ( PBN ) against H₂O₂-induced cytotoxicity were investigated .	
These effects were profound at doses well below the one producing unacceptable toxicity , a finding that strongly supports pharmacodynamic assessments to select optimal doses instead of a maximum-tolerated dose for definitive efficacy and safety trials .	
CONCLUSION ZD1839 inhibits EGFR activation and affects downstream receptor-dependent processes in vivo .	9	93
These effects were observed at all dose levels , before reaching dose-limiting toxicities .	
Furthermore , our data highlights the significance of exploring the mechanisms of everolimus and miR-143 in malignant tumors .	
The combined results of meta-analysis showed that the 235delC mutant increased the risk of NSHL ( OR = 7.9 , 95%CI 4.77 13.11 , P <0.00001 ) .	
Our study provided the first glimpse of the functional role of miR-133 in two hormone-independent prostate cancer cell lines .	
These results may add to our knowledge on the molecular basis of prostate cancer progression .	
After transfection of miR-133a and miR-133b , cell viability assay , luciferase assay , western blot analysis , cell migration and invasion assay were conducted in Du145 and PC3 cells .	
In this study , we showed that miR‑133a and miR-133b are expressed at the detection limit in two hormone-insensitive prostate cancer cell lines , PC3 and DU145 .	
Ectopic expression of miR-133 inhibited cell proliferation , migration and invasion in these cells .	9	11	1
We also provide the first evidence that miR-133 may target EGFR .	9	93
It has been shown that regulation of EGFR expression in prostate cancer cells is mostly at the transcriptional level. microRNA-133 ( miR-133 ) has long been recognized as a muscle-specific miRNA which may regulate myoblast differentiation and participate in many myogenic diseases .	
Recently , it has been reported that miR-133 is also involved in other tumors , such as bladder cancer , esophageal cancer and may regulate cell motility in these cancer cells .	
In the present study , we examined the expression and effects of miR-133 in two hormone-insensitive prostate cancer cell lines .	
The expression of miR-133a and miR-133b were analyzed by quantitative RT-PCR .	
The control group ( n=6 ) was fed a regular mouse chow diet and the NM 1% group ( n=6 ) the same diet , but supplemented with 1% NM .	
In this study , we proposed that the CCK-BR drives growth of pancreatic cancer ; hence , interruption of CCK-BR activity could potentially be an ideal target for cancer therapeutics .	
CONCLUSIONS : Taken together with evidence for its actions as a vascular disrupting agent , these observations support the potential utility of JG-03-14 to effectively treat malignancies that might be resistant to conventional chemotherapy through evasion of apoptosis .	8	81
The top-ranked down-regulated genes in the treated cell lines included those related to receptor and kinase activity , signal transduction , apoptosis , RNA processing , protein metabolism and transport , cell cycle and transcription .	9	51	92	511	5	8	91	921	93	81
Supervised analysis identified 3,974 significant genes ( p = 0.05 ) differentiating the treated samples from the untreated , majority of which were down-regulated after treatment .	
In this study , we evaluated the gene expression profiles of the colon cancer cell lines treated with SN-38 , the active metabolite of topoisomerase-1 inhibitor irinotecan which leads to cell cycle arrest and apoptosis .	
Apoptosis induced in BM13674 cells by these diverse agents was markedly inhibited by 1 microM okadaic acid , a tumour promoter that inhibits protein phosphatases 1 and 2A .	8	81
Due to advances regarding the treatments , primarily development of improved surgical methods and the ability to make the earlier diagnosis , the mortality has remained constant during the past decades even though the incidence in fact has increased .	
AIM Colorectal cancer is the third most common form of cancer in the industrial countries .	
Dephosphorylation of a limited number of proteins was shown to be associated with apoptosis and okadaic acid prevented these dephosphorylations .	8	81
The gene expression analyses were performed using oligonucleotide microarrays comprising of approximately 27,000 spots where the untreated controls were compared to the SN-38-treated samples .	
The 3 cell lines were treated with SN-38 , and samples were obtained after 24 and 48 hour treatments .	
MATERIAL AND METHODS The study included 3 colon cancer cell lines : KM12C , KM12SM and KM12l4a .	
Meanwhile , heterogeneity of genetic effect was also observed due to the ethnic specificity and regional disparity .	
The aim of the present study was to examine the effect of a novel nutrient mixture ( NM ) containing ascorbic acid , amino acids and green tea extract on the inhibition of melanoma growth and metastasis using a model of intratesticular inoculation of B16FO cells into nude mice .	
Unlike genetic alterations , epigenetic changes are reversible events , and as such , can be amenable to pharmacological interventions , which makes them appealing targets for cancer therapy when genetic approaches prove inadequate .	
In a murine bone tumor model , increasing c-Cbl expression also reduced RTK expression , resulting in decreased tumor cell proliferation and survival and reduced tumor growth .	
Interestingly , increasing c-Cbl also markedly reduced lung metastasis in mice .	1	12
Tissue microarray analysis revealed that low c-Cbl protein expression is associated with elevated EGFR and PDGFRα protein levels in human osteosarcoma with poor outcome .	9	93
This study shows that increasing c-Cbl expression reduces osteosarcoma cell growth , survival , and metastasis in part through downregulation of RTKs , which supports the potential therapeutic interest of targeting c-Cbl in malignant bone diseases involving increased RTK .	
Targeting receptor tyrosine kinase ( RTK ) degradation may be an interesting approach to reduce RTK cell signaling in cancer cells .	
Here we show that increasing E3 ubiquitin ligase casitas B-lineage lymphoma ( c-Cbl ) expression using lentiviral infection decreased osteosarcoma cell replication and survival and reduced cell migration and invasion in murine and human osteosarcoma cells .	11	1
Conversely , c-Cbl inhibition using short hairpin RNA ( shRNA ) increased osteosarcoma cell growth and survival , as well as invasion and migration , indicating that c-Cbl plays a critical role as a bone tumor suppressor .	11	1
Importantly , the anticancer effect of increasing c-Cbl expression in osteosarcoma cells was related mainly to the downregulation of epidermal growth factor receptor ( EGFR ) and platelet-derived growth factor receptor alpha ( PDGFRα ) .	9	93
Serum liver enzyme levels , histology , expression of antioxidant enzymes , and several cytokines/chemokines were subsequently evaluated .	
Ginsan treatment markedly suppressed the serum alanine aminotransferase ( ALT ) and aspartate aminotransferase ( AST ) levels , and hepatic histological necrosis increased by CCl(4) treatment .	
No correlation was observed between response and percentage of proliferating cells in the untreated tumor .	9
The clinical response was reflected in a decreased proliferation fraction .	9
The results suggest that analysis of tumor cell characteristics such as hormone receptor content and proliferation fraction can be used to predict and monitor response to endocrine treatment and chemotherapy in breast carcinomas .	9	93
METHODS AND RESULTS Knockdown of NDRG1/Cap43 in lung cancer cells using a specific small interfering RNA resulted in growth rates in culture that were similar to those of counterpart control cells , but decreased tumor growth rates in vivo markedly .	
Stable NDRG1/Cap43 knockdown did not induce consistent changes in the expression of Epidermal growth factor receptor ( EGFR ) family proteins and c-Met in two human lung cancer cell lines in vitro .	9	93
OBJECTIVE Expression of N-myc downstream-regulated gene 1 ( NDRG1)/Cap43 is a prognostic indicator of human malignancies according to the tumor type in which it occurs .	
BALB/c mice were injected i.p. with ginsan 24 h prior to CCl(4) administration .	
Using immunohistochemistry , we examined 182 surgically resected specimens of NSCLC for expression of NDRG1/Cap43 and tumor angiogenesis .	
High microvessel density in the tumor was significantly associated with nuclear positivity for NDRG1/Cap43 in both adenocarcinoma ( p = 0.003 ) and squamous cell carcinoma ( p=0.041 ) .	7	71
However , cell lines with NDRG1/Cap43 knockdown showed markedly decreased production of the potent angiogenic factors vascular endothelial growth factor-A and interleukin-8 .	71	7	711
Cells with knockdown of NDRG1/Cap43 showed marked reduction of tumor-induced angiogenesis .	7	71
The marked increase of proinflammatory cytokines ( IL-1beta , IFN-gamma ) and chemokines ( MCP-1 , MIP-2beta , KC ) in CCl(4) treated mice was additionally attenuated by ginsan , thereby preventing leukocyte infiltration and local inflammation .	a	a2
For both adenocarcinoma ( p = 0.031 ) and squamous cell carcinoma ( p=0.034 ) , the survival curve of patients negative for nuclear NDRG1/Cap43 expression differed significantly from that of patients who were positive .	
CONCLUSION Therefore , the expression of NDRG1/Cap43 may be predictive of tumor angiogenesis and poor prognosis in NSCLC .	7	71
CCR8 signaling , CCR8 binding and anti-apoptotic activity were unaffected when CPM was exposed to the carboxypeptidase inhibitor DL-2-mercaptomethyl-3-guanidino-ethylthiopropanoic acid .	8	81
In line with the higher intracellular calcium release , a pronounced increase of the anti-apoptotic activity of CCL1 was observed in the BW5147 cellular model .	8	81
Our results suggest that ginsan effectively prevent liver injury , mainly through downregulation of oxidative stress and inflammatory response .	a21	a2	a
Ginsan inhibited CCl(4) induced lipid peroxidation through the cytochrome P450 2E1 ( CYP2E1 ) downregulation .	
To further assess the behavior of ANXA2 deleted SGC- 7901 cells , changes of microstructures were observed under fluorescence microscopy , laser scanning confocal microscopy and electron microscopy .	
The hepatoprotective effect of ginsan was attributed to induction of anti-oxidant protein contents , such as superoxide dismutase ( SOD ) , catalase , and glutathione peroxidase ( GPX ) as well as restoration of the hepatic glutathione ( GSH ) concentration .	a21	a2	a
Taken together , the present study clearly shows the synergistic anti-inflammatory as well as anti-oxidative stress effects of CUR and PUFA .	a21	a2	a
To investigate the effect of DKK4 and TR on tumor growth in vivo , we established a xenograft of J7 cells in nude mice .	
J7-DKK4 and J7-TRα1 overexpressing mice , which displayed growth arrest , lower lung colony formation index , and smaller tumor size than in control mice , supporting an inhibitory role of DKK4 in tumor progression .	
CONCLUSION : Taken together , these data suggest that the TR/DKK4/Wnt/β-catenin cascade influences the proliferation and migration of hepatoma cells during the metastasis process and support a tumor suppressor role of the TR .	
Most of the p27 negative leukoplakias were EGFR positive , and the p27 index in the parabasal layer was diminished in the presence of dysplasia .	
OBJECTIVES To investigate the immunoexpression of epidermal growth factor receptor ( EGFR ) in a sample of oral leukoplakias ( OL ) and to determine the receptor ' s association with dysplasia , tobacco consumption , lesion site , and proliferation rate .	
Although EGFR should be overexpressed in some oral leukoplakias , the factors that may interfere with this expression and the influence of this receptor on epithelial proliferation have yet to be investigated .	
STUDY DESIGN Samples of oral leukoplakias ( 48 ) and of normal oral epithelium ( 10 ) were immunohistologically examined for expression of EGFR .	
Immunohistochemistry for Ki-67 , and p27 were also performed in leukoplakias .	
Positivity for EGFR was not associated with dysplasia , tobacco exposure , or Ki-67 .	
CONCLUSION EGFR is expressed in leukoplakia regardless of dysplasia , but EGFR positivity should be more frequent in lesions sited in areas of high cancer risk .	9	93
Here we investigated the role of FoxM1 in contact inhibition in fibroblasts .	
Invitro , hypoxia induced an early accumulation of glycogen , followed bya gradual decline .	
These gene signatures were also able to predict clinical outcome in human breast cancer patients .	
These findings were validated by immunoblot and FACS analysis , which showed the upregulation and hyperactivation of STAT1 and a decrease in the number of CD44(+) " cancer stem cells. "	
Thus , we conclude that a lactation-based therapeutic strategy using recombinant α-casein would provide a more natural and non-toxic approach to the development of novel anticancer therapies .	
Briefly , Met-1 mammary tumor cells expressing α-casein showed a reduction in tumor growth and a near 10-fold decrease in experimental metastasis .	
Here , we identified the milk protein α-casein as a novel suppressor of tumor growth and metastasis .	
Interestingly , our results show that α-casein upregulates gene transcripts associated with interferon/STAT1 signaling and downregulates genes associated with " stemness. "	
To identify the molecular mechanism(s) , we performed genome-wide transcriptional profiling .	
Our data indicate an intimate cross talk between mucosal MC and FB resulting in MC survival and induction of a fibrolytic rather than a profibrotic state in FB .	
Noteworthy , FB co-cultured with MC or treated with MMP-1 lost confluence and showed increased numbers of apoptotic cells .	8	81
Moreover , FB stimulated by MC mediators upregulated their expression of matrix metalloproteinase-1 ( MMP-1 ) , a key fibrolytic enzyme .	
MC incubated with IL-6 survived for up to 3 weeks similar to MC co-cultured with FB and MC survival could be blocked by neutralizing anti-IL-6 Abs .	
Intestinal FB produced IL-6 upon direct stimulation by intestinal MC in co-culture or by MC mediators such as TNF-α , IL-1β , tryptase or histamine .	
Here , we show that human intestinal fibroblasts ( FB ) suppress apoptosis in human intestinal MC dependent on IL-6 .	8	81
Mast cells ( MC ) are key effector cells in allergic reactions but also involved in host defence , tissue remodeling , angiogenesis , and fibrogenesis .	
We show that protein expression of FoxM1 is severely and rapidly downregulated upon contact inhibition , probably by inhibition of ERK activity , which then leads to decreased expression of cyclin A and polo-like kinase 1 .	5	52
We report that glycogen metabolism is upregulated in tumors invivo and in cancer cells invitro in response to hypoxia .	
Neither growth inhibition nor induction of apoptosis due to 4-OHT was blocked by the addition of excess E2 .	
Our data suggested that 4-OHT induced cytotoxic effects against MRT cells , and that these effects were independent of ER expression .	
Wortmannin ( 500 and 1000 nM ) significantly decreased PDGF-BB stimulation of meningioma cells ( p < 0.001 ) while it reduced Akt and p70S6K phosphorylation but not mitogen-activated protein kinase/extracellular signal-regulated kinase ( MAPK/ERK ) phosphorylation .	
CONCLUSIONS These findings indicate that Akt and p70S6K are constitutively expressed and activated in meningioma cells and that the PI3-K-Akt-p70S6K pathway may participate in transduction of mitogenic signals in meningiomas independent of the Raf-1-MEK-1-MAPK/ERK cascade .	921	92	9
Alterations in MRT cell growth in response to estrogen or antiestrogens ( 4-hydroxytamoxifen ( 4-OHT ) , TAM , and ICI 182 780 ) were also investigated .	
RT-PCR and western blotting showed that ER-alpha was expressed in three of the six MRT cell lines .	9	93
Recent studies have shown that the antiestrogen tamoxifen ( TAM ) can be used in the treatment of malignant neoplasms other than breast cancer .	
In the present study , we investigated the expression of estrogen receptor ( ER ) in six malignant rhabdoid tumor ( MRT ) cell lines .	
METHODS Nine meningioma tumors obtained in humans were evaluated using Western blot analysis for phosphorylated ( activated ) Akt and phosphorylated p70S6K .	
Cells cultured from seven of these meningiomas were also screened using Western blot analysis for Akt and for phosphorylated Akt and p70S6K .	
OBJECT The intracellular events transducing mitogenic signals from platelet-derived growth factor-beta ( PDGFbeta ) receptor tyrosine kinases are not precisely known .	
In this study the authors evaluated whether the phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase ( PI3-K)-Akt-p70S6K pathway is expressed in meningiomas , regulates their growth , and transduces mitogenic signals of PDGF-BB .	
Western blots of lysates from meningiomas demonstrated phosphorylated Akt and p70S6K .	
Treatment with PDGF-BB stimulated phosphorylation of Akt and p70S6K in each meningioma cell culture .	
The authors also evaluated whether PDGF-BB stimulation of meningioma cells was associated with the phosphorylation of Akt and p70S6K known to activate these kinases .	
In addition , the effects of wortmannin , an inhibitor of P13-K , on proliferation and activation of Akt and p70S6K in meningioma cells stimulated with PDGF-BB were evaluated .	
CONCLUSION The tests detecting mutations in exon 8 and 17 on the KIT gene were successfully standardized .	63	6
The test is now included among the routine diagnostics employed for patients at Hospital Israelita Albert Einstein clinical laboratory .	
The extracted DNA was amplified by polymerase chain reaction and sequenced , and the fragments were analyzed .	
RESULTS Within the analyzed samples , we detected four mutations in exon 8 , two mutations in exon 17 , and mutations or a double mutation in one sample .	63	6
OBJECTIVE This study describes a new method used in the clinical laboratory at Hospital Israelita Albert Einstein to detect mutations in exons 8 and 17 of the KIT gene in patients with acute myeloid leukemia .	
METHODS Genomic DNA extraction was performed on 54 samples of peripheral blood or bone marrow from patients with acute myeloid leukemia .	
These results suggest that a bend in the YIGSR region of peptide 11 may be important for the binding of laminin to its metastasis-associated receptor .	1	12
Concordantly , glycogen synthase ( GYS1 ) showed a rapid induction , followed by a later increase of glycogen phosphorylase ( PYGL ) .	
Bone morphogenetic proteins ( BMPs ) were reported to be critical in bone metastasis of cancer .	
These results indicate that the combination of the lapatinib and 5-Fu is a promising treatment option for esophageal carcinoma with HER2 amplification .	
Both peptide 11 and the D-Ala7 analog , but not the less active L-Ala7 analog , were predicted to have similar bends around Gly7 or D-Ala7 .	
We also showed that knockdown of TOB1 expression by RNAi rescued lung cancer cells from gefitinib-induced cell-proliferative arrest .	
The subcellular redistribution of both PKC isozymes was analyzed by confocal microscopy .	
We determined the expression of PKCalpha and PKCe in membrane and cytosolic fractions by western blotting .	
METHODS The GH3B6 cell proliferation was estimated by BrdU incorporation and the cell cycle progression by flow cytometric cell cycle analysis .	
BACKGROUND In this report , we explored the role of PKCalpha and PKCe as mediators of phorbol 12-myristate13-acetate ( PMA)-induced proliferation in pituitary tumor GH3B6 cells , and determined if the ERK1/2 and Akt pathways were activated .	
CONCLUSION We demonstrated that the activation of PKCalpha and PKCe by phorbol ester in tumor pituitary GH3B6 cells led to cell proliferation and cell cycle progression , effects that involved ERK1/2 activation .	921	92	9
In addition , the pretreatment with the inhibitor of ERK1/2 ( PD98059 ) prevented the mitogenic activity induced by treatment with PMA for 15 min .	
The activation of both these PKC isozymes was closely associated with the stimulation of proliferation and the cell cycle progression induced by PMA in GH3B6 cells , an effect that was blocked by the inhibitors of PKCalpha ( Gö6976 ) and PKCe ( eV1-2 ) .	921	92	9
RESULTS Incubation with PMA for 15 min stimulated PKCalpha and PKCe activation , which was correlated with the phosphorylation of ERK1/2 but not Akt .	921	92	9
In this study , we developed a simple and robust Venus-based BiFC system to screen for modulators of p53-p53 and p53-Mdm2 interactions in live mammalian cells .	
UNLABELLED BACKGROUND We aimed to develop a mouse spontaneous liver metastasis model from an orthotopically implanted human colon cancer cell line stably expressing a human sodium/iodide symporter ( NIS ) reporter gene , which can be imaged with single-photon emission computed tomography ( SPECT ) using 99mTcO4- .	
METHODS A recombinant plasmid containing a constitutively driven NIS gene ( pcDNA3-NIS ) was transfected into the human colon cancer cell line HCT116 , and stable cell lines were established .	
The stable cells were subcutaneously injected into the nude mice .	
When the diameter reached 10 mm , the xenografts were excised , cut into small fragments , and orthotopically implanted into the cecal walls of another nude mice. 99mTcO4- SPECT/CT imaging was initiated 8 weeks later and repeated every 1 to 2 weeks .	
RESULTS The production and function of NIS protein was confirmed in vitro by Western blotting and 99mTcO4- uptake assay .	
On SPECT/CT imaging , focal 99mTcO4- uptake was detected in the liver .	
Necropsy revealed local growth of the orthotopic colon xenografts with extensive invasion , microscopic serosal metastasis , and metastatic foci in the corresponding hepatic regions showing focal 99mTcO4- uptake .	1
Immunohistochemistry revealed high levels of NIS expression in cells forming liver tumor , indicating that the liver tumor cells originated from the orthotopic colon xenografts .	
CONCLUSIONS The present proof-of-concept study provided a rationale for employing a radionuclide reporter gene for the specific visualization of spontaneous liver metastasis in living mice .	1	12
This unique animal model of clinically relevant and externally detectable liver metastasis will be a powerful tool for investigating tumor biology and developing novel therapies for cancer metastasis .	1	12
Using the lung carcinoma cell lines A549 and NCI-H1975 , the results suggested that gefitinib might mediate cell cycle arrest in lung cancer cells at least by targeting TOB1 expression .	9	51	511	5	91
Metabolic analyses indicated that glycogen degradation by PYGL is important for the optimal function of the pentose phosphate pathway .	
Dysfunction of p53 is frequently associated with several pathologies , such as cancer and neurodegenerative diseases .	
Importantly , modulation of p53 interaction with its main inhibitor , Mdm2 , has been highlighted as a promising therapy target .	
In the present study , a significant overexpression of soluble adenylyl cyclase ( sAC ) , an alternative source of cAMP , was found in human prostate carcinoma and , therefore , the contribution of this cyclase was investigated in the prostate carcinoma cell lines LNCaP and PC3 .	
Based on an analysis of 800 progeny from 7120 × S1D2 , the 7120 suppressor is located in a region of kb on chromosome III that is devoid of recombination .	
The region contains at least 72 genes , about one-third of which ( i.e. , 22 ) are predicted to be organelle targeted .	
Similar analysis of 71N1 × S1D2 using 400 progeny also pointed to the recombination-deficient region of chromosome III , raising the possibility that these mutations could affect the same gene .	
These efforts lay the foundation for identifying the css ( chloroplast splicing suppressor ) gene(s) , which promotes splicing of multiple chloroplast group I introns .	
In previous work , three suppressors of defective group I introns ( 7151 , 71N1 , 7120 ) were isolated from a mutant of Chlamydomonas reinhardtii that had a splicing-deficient chloroplast large subunit ( LSU ) rRNA intron .	
Genetic analysis indicated that the 7151 and 71N1 suppressor mutations each involved single nuclear loci , and that the 7151 mutation was dominant .	
Here we present genetic evidence that the 7120 suppressor also involves a single nuclear locus and that the mutation is dominant in vegetative diploids .	
Moreover , we have employed crosses with the S1D2 strain and molecular markers to map the 7120 and 71N1 suppressors .	
Quantitative real-time PCR analysis of a representative set of 10 genes confirmed the microarray findings .	
Vav3 or AR3 knockdown greatly attenuated cell proliferation , soft agar growth , and ligand-independent AR activity .	9	93
Vice versa , anti-proliferative signals , such as TGF-\u03b2 and differentiation signals decrease FoxM1 expression .	
This article is a US Government work and is in the public domain in the USA .	
These observations indicated PKI 166 induced redox signalling dependent inhibition of cell proliferation , metastatic properties and induction of apoptotic potential in epidermoid carcinoma .	8	12	81	1
Thus the inhibition of proliferation was associated with redox regulation of the caspase cascade , EGFR , Akt/PI3K , MAPK/ ERK and JNK pathway .	92	8	9	921	93	81
On the other hand , increased antioxidant activity leads to decreased ROS generation inhibit the anti-proliferative and apoptotic properties of PKI 166 in A431 cells .	a21	a2	a	8	81
It is concluded that it is possible to treat leukemia by intervening in the DNA methylation using methyltransferase inhibitors and it is worth to make a thorough study on mechanism of the new strategy .	
The results indicated that both agents showed concentration-dependent and time-dependent inhibition of cell proliferation. 5-Aza-CdR and CDAII induced apoptosis and cell differentiation with G(2) and G(0)/G(1) arrest respectively .	51	5	511	8	81
Furthermore , DNA methyltransferase activity and level of methylation in genomic DNA were decreased and p15 protein was re-expressed partially .	
To explore the possibility of a new therapeutic strategy for leukemia by intervening in the DNA methylation to re-express p15 suppressor gene , methylation inhibitors , 5-Aza-2'-deoxycytidine ( 5-Aza-CdR ) and cell differentiation agent ( CDAII ) were used to treat myelogenous leukemia cell line KG1a in which p15 gene expression was suppressed due to DNA hypermethylation .	
The biological characteristics of KG1a cells untreated or treated with the agents were investigated and analyzed using morphology , methylation specific-PCR ( MSP ) , ( 3)H-labeled microassay technique , restriction endonuclease reaction , flow cytometry and immunofluorescence methods .	
These observations provide a plausible mechanism whereby prostate inflammation may establish a local environment conducive to epithelial cell growth .	a	a2
Contrary to the strategies of targeting only the tumor or specific tumor stromal constituents , we present a strategy in delivering therapeutics to the major cellular components of solid tumors .	
However , cyclooxygenase enzyme-2 expression did not show statistically significant correlation with both pathologic stage and Fuhrman nuclear grade ( p = 0.1 and p = 0.15 ) , respectively .	
Strong expression of C-reactive protein was associated with higher Fuhrman nuclear grade and pathologic stage , and the strength of correlation was statistically significant ( p = 0.01 and p = 0.001 ) , respectively .	
Moreover , miR-18a overexpression led to the upregulation of ATM expression and suppression of mTORC1 activity .	
To our knowledge , this is the largest study to date correlating the expression of both C-reactive protein and cyclooxygenase enzyme-2 in tissue with pathologic parameters in patients with clear cell renal cell carcinoma , which could have significant prognostic and therapeutic implications .	a	a2
This study , therefore , suggests that 6-MP can enhance the induction of one type of preneoplastic foci and nodules and that essential differences exist between focal lesions arising in cirrhotic livers caused by CCl4 as opposed to furfural .	
Indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase ( IDO ) is generally considered to be immunosuppressive but recent findings suggest this characterization oversimplifies its role in disease pathogenesis .	
Feeding of 6-MP at 50 p.p.m. for 20 weeks to animals with pre-existing liver cirrhosis caused immunosuppression , and significantly enhanced the induction of gamma-glutamyltranspeptidase ( GGT)-positive foci and nodules in the CCl4 but not furfural case .	2	22
The modifying effects of an immunosuppressive agent , 6-mercaptopurine ( 6-MP ) , on development of focal lesions in liver cirrhosis models induced by carbon tetrachloride ( CCl4 ) or furfural were studied in male F344 rats .	
Moreover , phenobarbital ( PB ) also enhanced the induction of GGT-positive hepatocellular lesions only in the CCl4-induced liver cirrhosis model , no promotion influence being exerted after treatment with the non-carcinogenic furfural .	
Glutathione S-transferase P ( GST-P)-positive preneoplastic lesions were not affected .	
We also investigate the effect of tumor vascular pathologies , including elevated vascular and interstitial hydraulic conductivities inside the tumor as well as diminished osmotic pressure differences , on the fluid flow across the tumor capillary bed , the lymphatic drainage , and the IFP .	
Our results reveal that elevated interstitial hydraulic conductivity together with poor lymphatic function is the root cause of the development of plateau profiles of the IFP in the tumor , which have been observed in experiments , and contributes to a more uniform distribution of oxygen , solid tumor pressure and a broad-based collapse of the tumor lymphatics .	
Building upon previous work , here we develop a vascular tumor growth model by coupling a continuous growth model with a discrete angiogenesis model .	
We include fluid/oxygen extravasation as well as a continuous lymphatic field , and study the micro-environmental fluid dynamics and their effect on tumor growth by accounting for blood flow , transcapillary fluid flux , interstitial fluid flow , and lymphatic drainage .	
We thus elucidate further the non-trivial relationship between the key elements contributing to the effects of interstitial pressure in solid tumors .	
In particular , we study the effect of IFP on oxygen extravasation and show that small blood/lymphatic vessel resistance and collapse may contribute to lower transcapillary fluid/oxygen flux , thus decreasing the rate of tumor growth .	
The flow of interstitial fluid and the associated interstitial fluid pressure ( IFP ) in solid tumors and surrounding host tissues have been identified as critical elements in cancer growth and vascularization .	
Both experimental and theoretical studies have shown that tumors may present elevated IFP , which can be a formidable physical barrier for delivery of cell nutrients and small molecules into the tumor .	
Elevated IFP may also exacerbate gradients of biochemical signals such as angiogenic factors released by tumors into the surrounding tissues .	
These studies have helped to understand both biochemical signaling and treatment prognosis .	
RESULTS Tumor versus control expression of NCAM and PSA epitopes in tissue specimens , as well as correlation between tumor expression and clinicopathological features , were statistically analyzed .	
Results showed a low constitutive expression of NCAM and PSA ( PSA-NCAM ) in control tissue , which reached a statistically significant increase in the tumor tissue .	
OBJECTIVE Although downregulation of neural cell adhesion molecule ( NCAM ) has been correlated with poor prognosis in colorectal cancer ( CRC ) , it is also possible that colon cancer spreading comes from reducing tumor cell adhesion through NCAM polysialylation , as occurs in lung carcinoma or Wilms ' tumor .	
METHODS To prove this hypothesis , we have performed a prospective study on tumor and control specimens from 39 CRC patients , which were immunostained for NCAM and PSA ( polysialic acid ) expression .	
The analysis of PSA and NCAM expression in CRC suggests a new way , other than downregulation of NCAM , in order to escape contact inhibition and promote cell tumor spreading in colorectal cancer .	5	52
Likewise , the presence and number of lymph node metastases at surgery were correlated with NCAM expression and PSA/NCAM coexpression .	
CONCLUSIONS These data highlight the importance of taking into account PSA-associated epitopes when dealing with NCAM cell expression studies in tumor development and progression .	
Its proliferation is strictly dependent on the presence of hematopoietic growth factors including erythropoietin ( Epo ) , granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor ( GM-CSF ) , and interleukin-3 ( IL-3 ) .	
The UT-7 cell line was established from a patient with a megakaryoblastic leukemia ( Komatsu et al , Cancer Res 51 : 341 , 1991 ) .	
We examined the contributions of Vav3 to AR activity in two CRPC cell lines that naturally express relatively high levels of Vav3 and AR3 .	
Features of the cell line studied included morphology , chromosome analysis , heterotransplantation , tumor markers , and chemosensitivity .	
We subsequently investigated the phenotype of UT-7 in the presence of combinations of Epo , IL-3 , and GM-CSF , and showed that GM-CSF and IL-3 act predominantly over Epo .	
However , this was not only due to a cell selection because the differential effects of Epo and GM-CSF were observed from a single cell clone and the phenotype could be reversed by opposite growth factors , even after a long period of culture .	
Indeed , ablation of the RORγt gene in Foxp3(+) cells in polyp-prone mice stabilized T(reg) anti-inflammatory functions , suppressed inflammation , improved polyp-specific immune surveillance , and severely attenuated polyposis .	a1	a2	a
Differentiation induced by the growth factors took 24 to 48 hours to begin , and increased with cell passages to a plateau at 2 weeks of culture .	
T(regs) with similar attributes were found to be expanded in mouse models of hereditary polyposis .	
In contrast , Epo induced a marked erythroid differentiation with an increase of glycophorin A expression , accompanied by a few hemoglobinized cells .	
Surprisingly , loss of IL-17A had a dual effect : IL-17A-deficient mice had fewer polyps but continued to have RORγt(+) T(regs) and developed invasive cancer .	
Despite the importance of AR coactivators in promoting CRPC , the potential role of these regulatory proteins in modulating AR splice variant activity is unknown .	
Ablation of interleukin-6 ( IL-6 ) , IL-23 , IL-17 , or tumor necrosis factor-α in polyp-prone mice reduced polyp number but not to the same extent as loss of RORγt .	
Vav3 confers castration-resistant growth to androgen-dependent human prostate cancer cells .	
In mouse models of cancer , T(regs) have been reported to suppress inflammation and protect the host , suppress T cells and protect the tumor , or even have direct cancer-promoting attributes .	
On the other hand , Epo had no effect on number and affinity of GM-CSF receptors .	9	93
The role of regulatory T cells ( T(regs) ) in human colon cancer ( CC ) remains controversial : high densities of tumor-infiltrating T(regs) can correlate with better or worse clinical outcomes depending on the study .	
Recently , the presence of an oxidized 5-mC , 5-hydroxymethylcytosine ( 5-hmC ) , was discovered in mammalian cells , in particular in embryonic stem ( ES ) cells and neuronal cells(2-4). 5-hmC is generated by oxidation of 5-mC catalyzed by TET family iron ( II)/α-ketoglutarate-dependent dioxygenases(2 , 3). 5-hmC is proposed to be involved in the maintenance of embryonic stem ( mES ) cell , normal hematopoiesis and malignancies , and zygote development(2 , 5-10 ) .	
The chimeric protein was able to bind to antigen-specific CD8+ T cells with nearly 100% efficiency and strongly induce their activation and proliferation .	2	21
This effect was mediated by a rapid downmodulation of Epo receptors by GM-CSF at messenger RNA and binding sites levels , without a change in receptor affinities .	9	93
We report the preferential expansion of a T(reg) subset in human CC with potent T cell-suppressive , but compromised anti-inflammatory , properties ; these cells are distinguished from T(regs) present in healthy donors by their coexpression of Foxp3 and RORγt .	
We engineered a DNA construct encoding a dimeric form of a secreted single chain trimer of major histocompatibility complex class I heavy chain , β2-microglobulin , and peptide antigen linked to immunoglobulin G ( SCT-Ag/IgG ) .	
Both variants show comparable tissue-specific expression patterns , demonstrate nuclear localization that is mediated independently via separate NLS motifs , and are more abundant in certain fetal than adult organs .	
Here we describe a DNA vaccination strategy that is able to control cancer by overcoming immune tolerance to tumor self-antigen .	
Advanced or metastatic prostate cancer is treated by androgen deprivation ; however , patients inevitably relapse with castration-resistant prostate cancer ( CRPC ) .	
The methylation status of p16(INK4a )was determined by bisulphate treatment of the DNA , followed by MSP .	
This is an approach that can be used in other difficult hydrophobic peptides .	
Vav3 , a Rho GTPase guanine nucleotide exchange factor , is an AR coactivator that is up-regulated in human prostate cancer compared with benign tissue and in preclinical models of CRPC .	
Cell proliferation was assessed using the soluble tetrazolium salt ( MTS ) cell proliferation assay , and cell cycle was measured by FACS test .	
Such strategy may be used in other antigenic systems for the control of infections and/or cancers .	
For example , the AR splice variant AR3 ( also termed AR-V7 ) is expressed in CRPC and is linked to poor prognosis .	
EZH2 was successfully depleted after retroviral infection in C666-1 cells , and the EZH2 depletion could inhibit the proliferation and arrested G1/S phase of NPC cells .	9	51	511	5	91
Our data suggest that the DNA vaccine strategy described in the current study is able to break immune tolerance against endogenous antigen and result in potent therapeutic antitumor effects .	
Furthermore , intradermal vaccination with DNA encoding SCT-Ag/IgG could generate significant numbers of cytotoxic effector T cells against tumor self-antigen and leads to successful therapeutic outcomes in a preclinical model of metastatic melanoma .	1	2	12	21
However , its precise role in the tumorigenesis of Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma ( NPC ) remains to be elucidated .	
In addition , the chimeric protein was able to coat professional antigen-presenting cells through the Fc receptor to activate antigen-specific CD8+ T cells .	
The increasing evidence supported the role of Enhancer of Zeste Homolog 2 ( EZH2 ) in the cancer development and progression .	
The degree of EZH2 knockdown was then assessed by real-time quantitative PCR and Western Blot analysis .	
EZH2 was depleted by retroviral infection in the NPC cells ( HK-1 , CNE-2 , CNE-1 and C666-1 ) .	
These results demonstrate that TNFR-2 signaling promotes MDSC survival and accumulation and helps tumor cells evade the immune system .	a1	a
After 4 weeks tumors had not developed in vehicle-dosed mice , but were present in 50% of those mice given TP .	
Head and neck squamous cell carcinoma ( HNSCC ) is a major cause of morbidity and mortality underscoring the need for safe and effective chemopreventive strategies .	
Targeting epidermal growth factor receptor ( EGFR ) is attractive in that it is an early critical event in HNSCC pathogenesis .	
However , current agents lack efficacy or have unacceptable toxicity .	
Several groups have demonstrated that the over-the-counter medication , polyethylene glycol ( PEG ) has remarkable chemopreventive efficacy against colon carcinogenesis .	
Importantly , we reported that this effect is mediated through EGFR internalization/degradation .	
In the current study , we investigated the chemopreventive efficacy of this agent against HNSCC , using both the well validated animal model 4-NQO ( 4-nitroquinoline 1-oxide ) rat model and cell culture with the human HNSCC cell line SCC-25 .	
We demonstrated that daily topical application of 10% PEG-8000 in the oral cavity ( tongue and cavity wall ) post 4NQO initiation resulted in a significant reduction in tumor burden ( both , tumor size and tumors/tumor bearing rat ) without any evidence of toxicity .	
Immunohistochemical studies depicted decreased proliferation ( number of Ki67-positive cells ) and reduced expression of EGFR and its downstream effectors cyclin D1 in the tongue mucosa of 4NQO-rats treated with PEG .	91	93	9
We showed that EGFR was also markedly downregulated in SCC-25 cells by PEG-8000 with a concomitant induction of G1-S phase cell-cycle arrest , which was potentially mediated through upregulated p21(cip1/waf1) .	9	51	91	5	511	93
In conclusion , we demonstrate , for the first time , that PEG has promising efficacy and safety as a chemopreventive efficacy against oral carcinogenesis .	
CONCLUSIONS These findings provide the first evidence that LLL12 effectively inhibits tumor angiogenesis both in vitro and in vivo .	7	71
The clinical value of CECs , IL-6 , and IL-8 warrants further investigation .	
Therefore , our studies provide an important insight into the molecular mechanism of anti-myeloma activity of As(2)O(3) in HDAC6-Hsp90-IKKα-NFκB signaling axis and the rationale for As(2)O(3) can be extended readily using all the HDAC associated diseases .	
Overall , our findings demonstrate that disrupting EGFR interactions with the cytoskeletal components enhanced the anti-cancer effects of CL-387,785 against H1975 cells , suggesting a novel therapeutic approach for NSCLC cells that express the drug-resistant EGFR-T790M .	
The combination of CL-387,785 and blebbistatin enhanced the down-regulation of cyclooxygenase-2 ( COX-2 ) , a transcriptional target of nuclear EGFR .	
Furthermore , CL-387,785 and blebbistatin interacted in a synergistic fashion to suppress cell proliferation and induce apoptosis in H1975 cells .	9	81	8
These physical interactions among MYH9 , β-actin , and EGFR were also impaired by CL-387,785 , a kinase inhibitor for EGFR-T790M .	
The interactions of EGFR with MYH9 and β-actin were reduced in the presence of blebbistatin , a specific inhibitor for the MYH9-β-actin interaction , suggesting that the EGFR interaction with MYH9 and β-actin is affected by the integrity of the cytoskeleton .	9	93
In this study , we demonstrated for the first time that EGFR-T790M interacts with the cytoskeletal components , myosin heavy chain 9 ( MYH9 ) and β-actin , in the nucleus of H1975 cells carrying the T790M-mutant EGFR .	9	93
An acquired mutation ( T790M ) in the epidermal growth factor receptor ( EGFR ) accounts for half of all relapses in non-small cell lung cancer ( NSCLC ) patients who initially respond to EGFR kinase inhibitors .	
Macrophage-derived factors including IL-6 and IL-1 also reconstituted IL-2 production in these macrophage depleted cultures .	
Depletion of macrophages in the tumor cell cultures resulted in a sharp decline in tumor cell IL-2 production , while re-addition of macrophages reconstituted this response .	
Cultures of these ATL cells both produced endogenous IL-2 protein in the absence of added mitogen and proliferated at higher levels when exogenous recombinant IL-2 was added .	
We have investigated the cellular requirements for IL-2 production by autocrine proliferating tumor cells from four patients with adult T cell leukemia ( ATL ) .	
In this study , we show the effects of mutating histidine residues of MtrA to arginine on protein expression and extracellular respiration using Shewanella sp. strain ANA-3 as a model organism .	
Individual mutations to six out of nine proximal histidines in CXXCH of MtrA led to decreased protein expression .	
However , distal histidine mutations resulted in various degrees of protein expression .	
These results raise the possibility that macrophages may play a central role in HTLV-I mediated immortalization of T cells .	4
These results show that proximal histidine mutants were unable to reduce ferrihydrite .	
Mutations to the distal histidine residues resulted in various degrees of ferrihydrite reduction .	
Other genetic characteristics include SCCmec type III , agr I , spa type t037 , and sequence type ( ST ) 1283 .	
The plasmid profile shows five plasmids with a size of kb to >10 kb .	
The isolated VRSA strain was obtained from a critically ill hospitalized patient .	
Genetic analysis of this strain suggested that the strain was a methicillin-resistant S. aureus ( MRSA ) clone endemic in Asia that underwent some genetic changes , such as mutation in the gmk gene and acquisition of the vanA gene .	
After centrifugation of heparinized peripheral blood , plasma levels of all investigated parameters were determined using spectrophotometric methods .	
METHODS The study included 29 untreated B-CLL patients in stage A , and 21 in stages B and C , classified according to the Binet system ; 31 healthy volunteers formed the control group .	
The purpose of this study was to determine plasma level of superoxide anion , hydrogen-peroxide and malondialdehyde ( MDA ) as markers of oxidative stress and activities of superoxide dismutase ( SOD ) , catalase ( CAT ) and glutathione peroxidase ( GPx ) as antioxidant enzymes in B-chronic lymphocytic leukemia ( B-CLL ) patients .	
PURPOSE Overproduction of reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) intermediates above the functional capability of cellular antioxidants may result in instability of important macromolecules and represents the molecular basis of many diseases including inflammation processes , cardiovascular alterations , cancer etc .	
CONCLUSION Increase of CAT activity in B-CLL patients indicates that there is stimulation of the antioxidant enzyme system , while the increase of MDA concentration shows increased lipid peroxidation level .	a21	a2	a
No statistically significant differences of superoxide anion and hydrogen peroxide as well as plasma activity of SOD and GPx between the tested groups were noted .	a21	a2	a
Also , B-CLL patients showed significantly higher plasma concentration of MDA compared with controls .	
RESULTS Plasma CAT activity was increased in B-CLL patients compared with control subjects ; also , progression of disease was related with significantly higher plasma activity of CAT .	a21	a2	a
LPS decreased expression of SIRT6 in HUVECs .	
The aim of this study was to determine the effect of SIRT6 knockdown on inflammatory markers in human umbilical vein endothelial cells ( HUVECs ) in the presence of lipopolysaccharide ( LPS ) .	
Loss of SIRT6 increased the expression of NF-κB , whereas overexpression of SIRT6 was associated with decreased NF-κB transcriptional activity .	
According to these results it could be concluded that an imbalance exists between oxidants and antioxidants in the plasma of B-CLL patients .	a21	a2	a
Factors associated with endothelial dysfunction include proinflammatory cytokines , adhesion molecules , and matrix degrading enzymes .	
A prominent feature of inflammatory diseases is endothelial dysfunction .	
The role of SIRT6 , also a histone deacetylase , in regulating inflammation in endothelial cells is not known .	
At the transcriptional level , they are regulated by the histone deacetylase sirtuin ( SIRT ) 1 via its actions on the proinflammatory transcription factor nuclear factor-κB ( NF-κB ) .	
EPA effectively inhibited proliferation , altered cell-cycle progression , and induced apoptosis of tumor cells ( AT-4 ) .	9	51	511	5	91	8	81
EPA showed no effect on the latency to tumorigenesis in Atm-deficient mice .	
EPA treatment was accompanied by a significant increase of ROS and ODD .	
Our results demonstrate the antiproliferative effect of EPA on tumor cells by alteration of cell-cycle progression and induction of apoptosis in vitro .	
Recent studies have demonstrated that n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids such as eicosapentaenoic acid ( EPA ) are able to suppress cell proliferation and inhibit tumor growth .	
The objective of our study was to investigate the influence of a high dose EPA on the development of the tumor phenotype in ataxia-telangiectasia mutated ( Atm)-deficient mice , a genetic cancer model that is associated with increased levels of oxidative stress .	
We analyzed toxicity , proliferation , cell-cycle progression , and apoptosis of EPA in vitro and latency to tumorigenesis in vivo .	
Because of the impact of reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) on the tumor incidence in ataxia telangiectasia ( AT ) , we further analyzed the effect of EPA on the generation of ROS and oxidative DNA damage ( ODD ) .	
Combined blockade of AKT/mTOR pathway might suppress cell proliferation via down-regulation of PCNA expression , and induce apoptosis and cycle arrest in proliferative phase HDEC , suggesting that AKT/mTOR pathway might represent the important therapeutic targets for human HA .	9	51	511	5	91	8	81
On the other hand , EPA treatment of Atm-deficient mice led to the formation of ROS and accumulation of ODD that might have abrogated the anticarcinogenic effect caused by EPA .	
CONCLUSIONS/SIGNIFICANCE Since RNA is emerging as a potential target for anticancer drugs , its ability to enhance spermine- and doxorubicin-induced RNA damage and cytotoxicity could represent an additional mechanism for the potentiating effects of SFN associated with anticancer drugs .	
CONCLUSIONS Since our data indicate that nuclear YAP localization is more common in breast cancers lacking functional adherens junctions , it suggests that YAP-mediated transcription may be involved in the development and progression of invasive lobular breast cancer .	
We observed that high nuclear and cytosolic YAP expression are associated with the E-cadherin deficient breast cancer subtype ILC ( p < 0.001 ) and cell lines derived from human breast cancers and conditional mouse models of human lobular breast cancer .	
Nuclear YAP expression did not associate with other variables such as lymph node involvement , tumor grade , tumor size , mitotic activity or the molecular sub-types of invasive breast cancer .	
We observed that invasive lobular carcinoma is characterized by higher expression levels of both nuclear and cytosolic YAP ( p < 0.001 ) .	11	1
RESULTS In this study we examined YAP protein expression and cellular localization in 237 cases of human invasive breast cancer by immunohistochemistry and related its expression to clinicopathological features and E-cadherin expression .	
Recently , YAP was linked to E-cadherin-dependent regulation of contact inhibition in breast cancer cells .	
YAP overexpression has been associated with different types of cancer , such as lung , skin , prostate , ovary and liver cancer .	
YAP is a transcriptional coactivator that controls cellular responses through interaction with TEAD transcription factors in the nucleus , while its transcriptional functions are inhibited by phosphorylation-dependent translocation to the cytosol .	
The drug concentrations for 50% inhibition of cell growth in culture following 2-h and 72-h exposures were 0.073 and 0.003 microM , respectively .	
Established Eμ-Myc lymphoma also regressed after everolimus therapy .	
Everolimus selectively cleared premalignant B cells from the bone marrow and spleen , restored a normal pattern of B-cell differentiation , and strongly protected against lymphoma development .	
Therefore , mTORC1-dependent evasion of senescence is critical for cellular transformation and tumor maintenance by MYC in B lymphocytes .	42	4
Therapeutic response correlated with a cellular senescence phenotype and induction of p53 activity .	42	4
IG-MYC translocations that are modeled in Eμ-Myc mice occur in almost all cases of Burkitt lymphoma as well as in other B-cell lymphoproliferative disorders .	
MYC deregulation is common in human cancer .	
As tumors with mTORC1 activation are sensitive to mTORC1 inhibition , we used everolimus , a potent and specific mTORC1 inhibitor , to test the requirement for mTORC1 in the initiation and maintenance of Eμ-Myc lymphoma .	
Deregulated expression of MYC results in increased mTOR complex 1 ( mTORC1 ) signaling .	
From antiquity Verbascum thapsus has been used as a medicinal herb , it contains diverse polysaccharides , iroid glycosides , flavonoids , saponins , volatile oils and phenylentanoids .	
Verbascum thapsus commonly known as ' mullein ' is part of a large family of Scrophulariaceae consisting of more than 360 species .	
It is implicated in different pathophysiological events and its expression increases greatly during an inflammatory process , due to oxidative stress and the activation of the enzymes of the antioxidant network such as SOD , CAT and GPx.In this study an inflammatory state was reproduced by treating THP-1 cells ( human myelomonocytic leukaemia ) with pro-inflammatory stimuli , such as LPS and IFN-gamma , obtaining an up-regulation both in the expression and in the activity of iNOS .	
Inducible nitric oxide synthase ( iNOS ) represents one of the three isoforms that produce nitric oxide using L-arginine as a substrate in response to an increase in superoxide anion activated by NF-kB .	
The results show a significant decrease of the expression and activity of iNOS , extracellular O(2) ( - ) production , SOD , CAT and GPx activity when the cells were treated with verbascoside .	a21	a2	a
The aim of the work was to investigate the antiinflammatory action of verbascoside using a concentration of 100 mum .	
Based on these results it is hypothesized that verbascoside has antiinflammatory properties since it reduces the production of superoxide radicals and consequently reduces the activity of iNOS .	a21	a2	a
LNCaP and PC3-PSMA cells were exposed to 10ng/mL of basic fibroblast growth factor ( bFGF ) .	
IL-6 production was measured by ELISA assay , and levels of PSMA expression were assessed by flow cytometry .	
The aim of the present work was to study the expression of the proinflammatory cytokine , interleukin-6 ( IL-6 ) , mediated by bFGF signaling and its possible crosstalk with prostate-specific membrane antigen ( PSMA ) in LNCaP and PC3-PSMA prostate cancer cell lines .	
PC3 cells stably transfected with PSMA gene were used for restoring PSMA expression .	
In the presence of bFGF , PSMA expression was activated after 4days of treatment in LNCaP and PC3-PSMA cells .	
This activation was not maintained after long term of treatment in both metastatic cell lines .	1	12
AKT , ERK1/2 , and p38 phosphorylation were detected by Western blot. bFGF enhances IL-6 production in LNCaP and PC3-PSMA prostate cancer cells .	
The effect of bFGF on stimulating IL-6 secretion was greater in LNCaP than in PC3-PSMA cells .	
Solely MAPKs pathways ( ERK1/2 and p38 ) were activated after bFGF stimulation in both metastatic cell lines , whereas AKT did not show any activation .	
The interference of the proinflammatory cytokine , IL-6 , with bFGF signaling and PSMA , should be of high clinical relevance in the treatment of metastatic prostate cancer .	a	12	a2	1
Neither serum angiopoietin-2 nor survivin showed significant relation with the serum angiopoietin-2 or survivin levels depending on the cell types , stage progression , and metastasis among the patients with NSCLC .	71	7	711
The involvement of iron and inflammation parameters on overall survival in non-small-cell lung cancer ( NSCLC ) patients was studied .	
Furthermore , transferrin receptors 1 ( TfR1 ) and ferritin expression in tumor tissue , tumor stroma , and normal lung tissue were analyzed .	
Iron metabolism and inflammation parameters were determined by automated laboratory measurements at the time of diagnosis .	
TfR1 and ferritin expression were determined by immuno-histochemical methods .	
About 50% of patients survived 12 months only .	
At the time of diagnosis more than half of the patients had anemia and significantly elevated serum ferritin .	
Iron content of serum ferritin ( ICF ) was below the reference values in 90% of patients .	
Furthermore , ICF showed positive correlation with iron metabolic parameters and survival but negative correlation with serum ferritin and ESR .	
The expression of TfR1 and ferritin in tumor cells was observed in 88% or 62% of patients , respectively .	
Tumor stroma was TfR1 negative and sporadically ferritin positive .	
Intratumoral clonality was detected in 57% ( 4/7 ) of the microdissected tumor pairs and in 75% ( 3/4 ) of single microdissected tumors. 43% ( 3/7 ) of tumor pairs and one single tumor ( 25% ) revealed intratumoral heterogeneity .	
While intratumoral heterogeneity affected both the TP53- mutational status and the LOH1p/19q status , all tumors with intratumoral heterogeneity shared the R132 IDH1- mutation as a common feature in both their microdissected components .	63	6
However , the exact function of the circadian clock system has been explored only in the past decades .	
It has been well known for ages that in living organisms the rhythmicity of biological processes is linked to the 24-hour light-dark cycle .	
The master clock sends its messages to the peripheral " slave clocks " .	
It came to light that the photosensitive primary " master clock " is situated in the suprachiasmatic photosensitive nuclei of the special hypothalamic region , and that it is working according to changes of light and darkness .	
Two essential components of the clock system are proteins encoded by the CLOCK and BMAL1 genes .	
In many organs , like pancreatic β-cells , the slave clocks have autonomic functions as well .	
Melatonin , the product of corpus pineale has a significant role in the functions of the clock system .	
CLOCK genes are in interaction with endonuclear receptors such as peroxisoma-proliferator activated receptors and Rev-erb-α , as well as with the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis , regulating the adaptation to stressors , energy supply , metabolic processes and cardiovascular system .	
The most explored fields are hypertension , cardiovascular diseases , metabolic processes , mental disorders , cancers , sleep apnoe and joint disorders .	
The detailed discovery of the clock system has changed our previous knowledge about the development of many diseases .	
Finally , EF31 demonstrated potent toxicity in NF-κB-dependent cancer cell lines while having minimal and reversible toxicity in RAW264.7 macrophages .	
These data indicate that EF31 is a more potent inhibitor of NF-κB activity than either EF24 or curcumin while exhibiting both anti-inflammatory and anticancer activities .	
NF-κB pathway activity was assessed following treatment with lipopolysaccharide ( LPS ) ( 1 μg/mL ) .	
EF31 ( IC(50) μM ) exhibited significantly more potent inhibition of LPS-induced NF-κB DNA binding compared to both EF24 ( IC(50) μM ) and curcumin ( IC(50) >50 μM ) .	
In addition , EF31 exhibited greater inhibition of NF-κB nuclear translocation as well as the induction of downstream inflammatory mediators including pro-inflammatory cytokine mRNA and protein ( tumor necrosis factor-α , interleukin-1β , and interleukin-6 ) .	
Regarding the mechanism of these effects on NF-κB , EF31 ( IC(50) μM ) exhibited significantly greater inhibition of IκB kinase β compared to EF24 ( IC(50) μM ) .	
Nuclear factor kappa B ( NF-κB ) is a key signaling molecule in the elaboration of the inflammatory response .	
Data indicate that curcumin , a natural ingredient of the curry spice turmeric , acts as a NF-κB inhibitor and exhibits both anti-inflammatory and anti-cancer properties .	
Curcumin analogs with enhanced activity on NF-κB and other inflammatory signaling pathways have been developed including the synthetic monoketone compound 3,5-Bis(2-fluorobenzylidene)-4-piperidone ( EF24). 3,5-Bis(2-pyridinylmethylidene)-4-piperidone ( EF31 ) is a structurally-related curcumin analog whose potency for NF-κB inhibition has yet to be determined .	
To examine the activity of EF31 compared to EF24 and curcumin , mouse RAW264.7 macrophages were treated with EF31 , EF24 , curcumin ( 1-100 μM ) or vehicle ( DMSO 1% ) for 1h .	
Photodynamic therapy ( PDT ) of hepatic tumours has been restricted owing to the preferential retention of photosensitizers in liver tissue .	
We therefore investigated interstitial tumour illumination as a means of selective PDT .	
A piece of colon carcinoma CC531 was implanted in the liver of Wag/Rij rats .	
To verify the results obtained from cDNA microarray analysis , matrix metalloproteinase-9 ( MMP-9 ) , the product of one of the angiogenesis-related genes down-regulated over 5-fold by DC , was investigated using gelatin zymography .	
Results of bronchial biopsy , cytology of bronchoalveolar lavage , washing , brushing , and sputum following bronchoscopy were negative .	
Fiberoptic bronchoscopy did not reveal any important pathologic findings .	
Short-term effects were studied on the second day after illumination by light microscopy and computer-assisted integration of the circumference of damaged areas .	
Long-term effects were studied on day 36 .	
On admission , physical examination revealed a well-orientated man in mild distress , with inspiratory rhonchi at the lower part of the left lung and scattered erythematous nodules of variable size , some of which were ulcerated .	
Tumour and surrounding liver necrosis increased with light dose delivered ( P < 0.001 ) .	83	8
Computed tomograph ( CT ) of the chest showed multiple alveolar opacities bilaterally ( Figure 2 ) .	
Laboratory values were notable for leukopenia , 3.3 x 10(9)/L ; total protein , 5.9 g/dL ; globulin , 2.2 g/dL ; serum glutamic oxaloacetic transaminase , 86 IU/L ; serum glutamic pyruvic transaminase , 71 IU/L ; and lactate dehydrogenase , 519 U/L .	
He was of Greek descent .	
A 51-year-old previously healthy man , an ex-smoker , was admitted to the authors ' medical department with a 3-month history of dry cough ; intermittent fever ; painless , ulcerated cutaneous lesions over the trunk and limbs ( Figure 1 ) ; and progressive weight loss .	
Initially , he had been treated with antibiotics , without improvement .	
His medical history was remarkable for nasal polyps , which were surgically removed 15 years earlier .	
Interestingly , cancer cells with higher levels of mtErbB2 were more resistant to the ErbB2-targeting antibody trastuzumab .	
Our study provides a novel perspective on the metabolic regulatory function of ErbB2 and reveals that mtErbB2 has an important role in the regulation of cellular metabolism and cancer cell resistance to therapeutics .	31	3
We found that ErbB2 translocates into mitochondria through association with mtHSP70 .	
Additionally , mitochondrial ErbB2 ( mtErbB2 ) negatively regulates mitochondrial respiratory functions .	
It is well known that ErbB2 , a receptor tyrosine kinase , localizes to the plasma membrane .	
Here we describe a novel observation that ErbB2 also localizes in mitochondria of cancer cells and patient samples .	
In contrast , mtErbB2 enhanced cellular glycolysis .	31	3
The translocation of ErbB2 and its impact on mitochondrial function are kinase dependent .	
Oxygen consumption and activities of complexes of the mitochondrial electron transport chain were decreased in mtErbB2-overexpressing cells .	
Mitochondrial membrane potential and cellular ATP levels were also decreased .	
Here , we uncover an unknown function for TPO-Mpl in the regulation of DNA damage response .	61	6
Thrombopoietin ( TPO ) and its receptor , Mpl , are critical factors supporting HSC self-renewal and expansion .	
How cytokines and environmental signals integrate the DNA damage response and contribute to HSC-intrinsic DNA repair processes remains unknown .	
DNA double-strand breaks ( DSBs ) representa serious threat for hematopoietic stem cells ( HSCs ) .	
This ensures HSC chromosomal integrity and limits their long-term injury in response to IR.This shows that niche factors can modulate theHSC DSB repair machinery and opens new avenues for administration of TPO agonists for minimizing radiotherapy-induced HSC injury and mutagenesis .	
TPO stimulates DNA repair invitro and invivo by increasing DNA-PK-dependent nonhomologous end-joining efficiency .	62	6
We show that DNA repair following \u03b3-irradiation ( \u03b3-IR ) or the action of topoisomerase-II inhibitors is defective in Mpl(-/-) and in wild-type mouse or human hematopoietic stem and progenitor cells treated in the absence of TPO .	62	6
Computed tomography scans revealed a mass on the left lower lobe , pulmonary nodules , and pleural effusion .	
A 34-year-old Japanese woman presented with left supraclavicular lymph node swelling .	
Although malignant pleural effusions carried the same EGFR mutation , progressive pleural effusions after treatment with chemotherapy , gefitinib , and erlotinib did not show any EGFR mutation .	9	93	63	6
A lymph node biopsy revealed large-cell carcinoma with an epidermal growth factor receptor ( EGFR ) deletion mutation , L747-T751 in exon 19 .	9	93	63	6
Currently , treatment for mRCC bone metastases is generally palliative .	
A cell line established from the pleural effusion 3 days before the patient expired also did not harbor the EGFR mutation .	9	93	63	6
There may be genetic heterogeneity in EGFR mutant tumors .	
Glutamine ( system ASC ) and MeAIB transport was significantly decreased by alphaIR3 in the control group .	
Glutamine deprivation resulted in significantly increased glutamate ( system X(AG)(-) ) , MeAIB ( system A ) , and leucine ( system L ) transport , which was blocked by alphaIR3 .	
Glutamine deprivation increased the IGF-IR protein on the cell surface .	9	93
Addition of alphaIR3 significantly decreased DNA and protein biosynthesis in both groups .	
We put forward the hypothesis that IGF-IR mediates cancer cell growth by regulating amino acid transport , both when sufficient nutrients are present and when key nutrients such as glutamine are in limited supply .	
Insulin-like growth factor I ( IGF-I ) and IGF-II stimulate cancer cell proliferation via interaction with the type I IGF receptor ( IGF-IR ) .	
In the presence of alphaIR3 ( 2 micro/ml ) , cell proliferation was significantly attenuated in both control ( 2 mM glutamine ) and glutamine-deprived ( 0 mM glutamine ) groups .	9
We examined the effects of alphaIR3 , the monoclonal antibody recognizing IGF-IR , on cell growth and amino acid transport across the cell membrane in a human neuroblastoma cell line , SK-N-SH .	
CONCLUSION/SIGNIFICANCE Thus , targeting multiple metabolic stress pathways including the LKB1/AMPK pathway enhances lovastatin's ability to synergize with gefitinib in SCC cells .	
Our results suggest that activation of IGF-IR promotes neuroblastoma cell proliferation by regulating trans-membrane amino acid transport .	9	93
Four stably COX-2 knocked-down or overexpressed cell lines were treated with various concentrations of celecoxib with or without radiation .	
The current study was undertaken to study the effect of a macerated extract of Nigella sativa seeds in normal as well as in tumour bearing mice against gamma radiation-induced cellular damage to normal tissues .	
This was done to mimic the clinical setting where in , normal tissues of cancer patients undergoing radiotherapy are exposed to the deleterious effects of radiation .	
The protection of cellular DNA was analysed in peripheral blood leucocytes of whole body irradiated mice following pretreatment with macerated extract of Nigella sativa seeds ( 100 mg/kg ) , using alkaline comet assay , and also estimating biochemical and blood parameters such as levels of antioxidant enzymes superoxide dismutase and catalase , thiobarbituric acid reactive substances and protein oxidation in organs such as spleen , liver , brain and intestine haemoglobin and total leucocyte count , respectively .	
The results showed that the macerated extract of Nigella sativa seeds protected the liver , spleen , brain and intestines both in normal as well as tumour bearing mice .	
This study concludes that macerated extract of Nigella sativa seeds has protective effects against radiation-induced damage and biochemical alterations which could be attributed to the ability to scavenge free radicals and its antioxidant properties .	a	a21	61	a2	6
Hence macerated extract of Nigella sativa seeds , could be used in combination with radiation to protect against oxidative stress in normal tissues and improving the quality of life of cancer patients by mitigating unwanted side effects of radiation in normal tissues .	a21	a2	a
Here , we present a three-generation Italian family with a non syndromic ADCC .	
Single-nucleotide polymorphisms in genes involved in DNA-damage-induced responses are reported frequently to be a risk factor in various cancer types .	
Here we analysed polymorphisms in 5 genes involved in DNA repair ( XPD Asp312Asn and Lys751Gln , XRCC1 Arg399Gln , APE1 Asp148Glu , NBS1 Glu185Gln , and XPA G-4A ) and in a gene involved in regulation of the cell-cycle ( CCND1 A870G ) .	
We compared their frequencies in groups of colon , head and neck , and breast cancer patients , and 2 healthy control groups : ( 1 ) matched healthy Polish individuals and ( 2 ) a NCBI database control group .	
CEP promoted angiogenesis in hindlimb ischaemia and wound healing models through MyD88-dependent TLR2 signalling .	
The 148Asp APE1 allele and the 399Gln XRCC1 allele apparently increased the risk of colon cancer ( OR = 1.9-2.3 and OR = 1.5-2.1 , respectively ) .	
Additionally , frequencies of XPD genotypes differed between healthy controls and patients with colon or head and neck cancer .	
Importantly , no differences in the distribution of these polymorphisms were found between healthy controls and breast cancer patients .	
The data clearly indicate that the risk of colon cancer is associated with single-nucleotide polymorphism in genes involved in base-excision repair and DNA-damage-induced responses .	61	62	6
These results suggest that TSP-1 may elicit a concentration-dependent , bi-phasic , effect on angiogenesis .	7	71
In previous studies , the reported association was based on the estimated average TSP-1 value per tumour , with a sufficient number of specimens collectively analysed per tumour type .	
Contradictory results have been reported regarding the association between vascularity ( used as an index of angiogenesis ) and thrombospondin-1 ( TSP-1 ) in human tumours .	
Cells expressing TSP-1 mRNA were visualised by in situ hybridisation and quantified by point counting .	
Given the extent of intra-tumour heterogeneity , we determined the association between TSP-1 and vascularity within individual specimens , based on the average values of TSP-1 and vascularity in 10-20 pre-selected areas per tumour .	
In 10 ductal breast carcinomas , a direct correlation between TSP-1 and vascularity was found in 4 tumours , no correlation in 3 and an inverse correlation in 3 .	7	71
Vascularity was quantified by point counting and vessel density of von Willebrand Factor-positive vessels .	
TSP-1 stimulated cell migration at low concentrations ( 0.1-10 microg/ml ) and was inhibitory at high concentrations ( 25-100 microg/ml ) .	11	1
The effect of TSP-1 on endothelial cell migration in vitro was assessed in the Boyden chamber assay .	
Taken together , these findings establish a new function of TLR2 as a sensor of oxidation-associated molecular patterns , providing a key link connecting inflammation , oxidative stress , innate immunity and angiogenesis .	a21	7	a2	a	71
Variant allele frequency in all the breast cancer cases was significantly lower than in all the controls ( chi(2) = 5.27 , P-value 0.02 ; odds ratio = 0.23 , 95% confidence interval 0.05-0.84 ) .	
However , in each of the study populations there was a trend for a lower variant allele frequency in cancer cases than in controls .	
The C to T polymorphism located in exon 4 was rare in all the studied populations ( overall allele frequency 0.011 ) .	
No association of the exon 8 polymorphism with breast cancer in the Nordic familial or sporadic cases was found .	
Analysis of the other Polish samples showed no correlation of the exon 8 polymorphism to breast cancer , bilateral breast cancer , BRCA1/BRCA2 mutations or age at diagnosis .	63	6
G(1) arrest was induced at lower concentrations , whereas G(2)/M arrest was induced at higher concentrations in each cell line tested .	9	51	511	5	91
CONCLUSIONS Prolonged left-to-right shunting in piglets does not further aggravate pulmonary vasculopathy , but is a cause of RV failure , which appears related to an activation of apoptosis and inflammation .	
OSED combines DAO with 3-bromopyruvate ( 3BP ) , a hexokinase II ( HK II ) inhibitor that interferes with Warburg effect , a metabolic alteration of most tumor cells that is characterized by enhanced aerobic glycolysis .	
Our data revealed that 3BP induced depletion of energetic capabilities of glioma cells. 3BP induced H2O2 production as a novel mechanism of its action .	3
C6 glioma transfected with DAO and treated with D-serine together with 3BP-sensitized glioma cells to 3BP and decreased markedly proliferation , clonogenic power and viability in a three-dimensional tumor model with lesser effect on normal astrocytes .	
DAO gene therapy using atelocollagen as an in vivo transfection agent proved effective in a glioma tumor model in Sprague-Dawley ( SD ) rats , especially after combination with 3BP .	
Glioma tumors are refractory to conventional treatment .	
Glioblastoma multiforme is the most aggressive type of primary brain tumors in humans .	
In this study , we introduce oxidative stress-energy depletion ( OSED ) therapy as a new suggested treatment for glioblastoma .	
Both TLR2 and MyD88 are required for CEP-induced stimulation of Rac1 and endothelial migration .	
OSED treatment was safe and tolerable in SD rats .	
OSED therapy may be a promising therapeutic modality for glioma .	
Radiation-induced G(2)/M arrest was enhanced at lower concentrations but reduced at higher concentrations .	9	51	511	5	91
When the infiltration lymphocytes including CD4+ CD25+ T cells were added to the mixed lymphocyte reaction activated by autologous tumor lysate-pulsed dendritic cells , the proliferation of lymphocytes was inhibited .	a1	a
CONCLUSIONS The down-regulated expression of miR-216a in pancreatic cancer suggests the involvement of miR-216a in the tumorigenesis and development of pancreatic cancer. miR-216a may potentially serve as a novel tumor marker and also a prognostic factor for pancreatic cancer .	
The expression of miRNA-216a was significantly correlated with the T stage of the tumor ( P=0.002 ) , but not with the patients ' age , gender , smoking status , tumor stage , lymph node metastases , distant metastasis , tumor differentiation , nerve invasion , vessel invasion or serum CA19-9 level ( P>0.05 ) .	1
RESULTS The expression of miRNA-216a was significantly lower in pancreatic cancer than in benign pancreas lesions ( P=0.000 ) .	
Whereas the mechanism of hypoxia-driven angiogenesis is well understood , the link between inflammation-induced oxidation and de novo blood vessel growth remains obscure .	
METHODS Fourteen patients with pancreatic cancer undergoing pancreaticoduodenectomy and 6 patients with benign pancreas lesions were examined for miR-216a expressions in the tumor or lesion tissues using Agilent Human miRNA Microarray ( V12.0 ) .	
CONCLUSION The increase of CD4+ CD25+ T cells in the tumor microenvironment correlates with tumor sizes .	a1	a
The cutoff values to divide lower and higher concentrations were cell-type specific .	
These CD4+ CD25+ regulatory T cells appeared to suppress the immune response activated by dendritic cells .	a1	a
We report here the case of two patients with mRCC with surgically unresectable sacral bone metastases treated with sunitinib , who are still alive with long-term stabilization of metastases of 48 and 31 months .	1	12
RESULTS There was pol beta deletion in pol beta -/- cells and the level of pol beta mRNA and protein in pol beta oe cells was twice higher than that in pol beta +/+ cells .	
SLUG may serve as a new therapeutic target for the treatment of lung cancer in the future .	
Chronic inflammation is a risk factor for the development of colon cancer , providing genotoxic insults , growth and pro-angiogenic factors that can promote tumorigenesis and tumor growth .	
Reciprocity of inflammation , oxidative stress and neovascularization is emerging as an important mechanism underlying numerous processes from tissue healing and remodelling to cancer progression .	
Immunomodulatory agents can interfere with the inflammation that feeds cancer , but their impact on the transformed cell is poorly understood .	
Celecoxib treatment activated Cdc25C and inhibited p21 expression in both unirradiated and irradiated cells , regardless of COX-2 expression .	
In this study , the addition of metformin to 2-deoxyglucose ( 2DG ) inhibited mitochondrial respiration and glycolysis in prostate cancer cells leading to a severe depletion in ATP .	31	3
CT of the brai and sinonasal area revealed an abnormal low-density mass in the left nasal area .	
As determined by MTT ( 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide ) assay , these complexes displayed potent anti-proliferation activity against various cancer cells .	
This indicates a possible role of ERs in lung carcinogenesis .	
The differential diagnosis , considering the evidence described , included granulomatous or infectious diseases , angiocentric lymphoproliferative lesions , and lymphomas .	
The lung cell lines BEAS-2B and DB354 showed significantly reduced cell proliferation in response to tamoxifen and a minor increased growth in response to 17 beta-estradiol .	9	92
Ruthenium(II) methylimidazole complexes , with the general formula [ Ru(MeIm)(4)(N⌢N)](2+) ( N⌢N=tip ( RMC1 ) , iip ( RMC2 ) , dppz ( RMC3 ) , dpq ( RMC4 ) ; MeIm=1-methylimidazole , tip=2-(thiophene-2-yl)-1H-imidazo [ 4,5-f ] [ 1,10]phenanthroline , iip=2-(1H-imidazol-4-yl)-1H-imidazo [ 4,5-f ] [ 1,10]phenanthroline , dppz=dipyrido[3,2-a:2',3'-c]phenazine , dpq=pyrazino [ 2,3-f ] [ 1,10]phenanthroline ) , were synthesized and characterized .	
Lung adenocarcinoma cells isolated from Gprc5a(-/-) mice also exhibited autocrine Lif-mediated Stat3 activation .	
Both cell types secreted leukemia inhibitory factor ( Lif ) ; however , whereas Stat3 activation was persistent in Gprc5a(-/-) cells , it was transient in Gprc5a(+/+) cells .	
Inhibition of Stat3 signaling in Gprc5a(-/-) normal and cancer cells by the Janus-activated kinase 2 inhibitor AG490 or by a dominant negative Stat3(Y705F) increased starvation-induced apoptosis and inhibited colony formation .	
There was no evidence of immunosuppression .	2	22
Previously , we found that mice with a deletion of the G protein-coupled receptor , family C , group 5 , member a ( Gprc5a ) gene develop lung tumors , indicating that Gprc5a is a tumor suppressor .	
Signal transducers and activators of transcription 3 ( Stat3 ) is activated by cytokines and growth factors in lung cancers and regulates expression of genes implicated in cell growth , survival , and transformation .	
Stat3 tyrosine 705 phosphorylation and expression of several Stat3-regulated antiapoptotic genes were higher in Gprc5a(-/-) than in Gprc5a(+/+) cells .	
Herein , we show that epithelial cells from Gprc5a knockout mouse lung ( Gprc5a(-/-) cells ) survive better in vitro in medium deprived of exogenous growth factors and form more colonies in semisolid medium than their counterparts from wild-type mice ( Gprc5a(+/+) cells ) .	9	92
Apoptosis was induced in irradiated cells 48 hours after treatment with celecoxib dependent of COX-2 .	
Immunohistochemical stains showed that the tumor cell were positive for CD56 and CD3 ( cytoplasmic positivity ) and expressed the cytotoxic proteins T-cell intracellular antigen and granzyme B ( Figure 3 ) They lacked TdT , CD34 , CD7 , CD8 , TCL-1 , and CD123 .	
We found NFκB activation and mTORC1 activity not to be altered by CsA or FK506 .	
These results show that persistent Stat3 activation is important for the survival and transformation of Gprc5a(-/-) lung cells and suggest that the tumor suppressive effects of Gprc5a are mediated , at least in part , by inhibition of Stat3 signaling through Socs3 stabilization .	
Biopsy of a skin lesion showed lymphoproliferative infiltration of the dermis with a follicular and angiocentric growth pattern and regional epidermal necrosis .	83	8
NKX3.1 is a homeodomain protein that functions as a dosage sensitive prostate-specific transcription factor .	
Diminished NKX3.1 expression is associated with prostate epithelial cell proliferation in vitro and with increasing Gleason grade in patient samples .	
Mouse Nkx3.1 also functions as a negative regulator of prostate cell growth in prostate cancer models .	
Identifying biological and environmental factors that modulate NKX3.1 accumulation is therefore central to efforts aimed at elucidating prostate growth control mechanisms .	
To determine the effect of inflammation on Nxk3.1 accumulation , bacterial prostatitis was induced by intraurethral inoculation of a uropathogenic E. coli strain in mice .	
Nkx3.1 expression was profoundly reduced in infected prostate lobes and correlated with increased expression of a proliferation marker .	
Androgen receptor levels were also reduced in concert with Nkx3.1 , and a marked increase in the basal cell marker p63 was observed .	9	93
Analyses of the inflammatory infiltrate revealed a classic acute inflammatory response that attained characteristics of a chronic state within fourteen days postinoculation .	a	a2
Comparison of the four prostate lobes revealed clear differences in the extent of inflammation .	a	a2
These data demonstrate that acute inflammation in response to a bacterial agent in the prostate is associated with a significant diminution in the level of a key regulator of prostate cell proliferation .	a	a2
At the cellular level , the combination of metformin and 2DG induced p53-dependent apoptosis via the energy sensor pathway AMP kinase , and the reexpression of a functional p53 in p53-deficient prostate cancer cells restored caspase-3 activity .	8	81
Here we show that the end products of lipid oxidation , ω-(2-carboxyethyl)pyrrole ( CEP ) and other related pyrroles , are generated during inflammation and wound healing and accumulate at high levels in ageing tissues in mice and in highly vascularized tumours in both murine and human melanoma .	a21	a2	a
Genes related to cell cycle were discussed emphatically .	
INK4 family genes ( P15 , P16 , P18 ) were upregulated while cyclin D1 HDAC1 were downregulated .	9	51	511	5	91
These genes were tightly related to CDK4/6-cyclin D and pRb-E2F1 complexes .	91	9
CONCLUSION NS is an important G1/S checkpoint regulator and it could regulate cell cycles via a p53-independent pathway in prostate cancer .	5	51
AIMS To screen the genes and possible signal transduction pathways with which nucleostemin ( NS ) interacts and explore the mechanism of NS in prostate cancer .	
METHODS NS-specific short-hairpin RNA expression plasmid was used to downregulate the NS level in PC-3 cells and the changes of cell cycle were studied .	
After that , oligonucleotide DNA microarray was used to screen the genome changes in PC-3 cells and quantitative real-time PCR was used to further confirm the differentially expressed genes .	
RESULTS Detection of cell cycle showed a decrease of S stage and an increase of G1 stage after downregulation of NS. 219 differentially expressed genes were found and these genes were involved in cell cycle , cell proliferation , signal transduction , cell apoptosis and cell differentiation , and so on .	9	51	511	5	91
Furthermore , autophagy regulates keratin homeostasis in the mammary gland via a p62-dependent mechanism .	82	8
High phospho(Ser73)-K8 expression may be a marker of autophagy functional status in breast tumors and , as such , could have therapeutic implications for breast cancer patients .	82	8
In human breast tumors , high phospho(Ser73)-K8 levels are inversely correlated with Beclin 1 expression .	
Thus , autophagy preserves cellular fitness by limiting ER and oxidative stress , a function potentially important in autophagy-mediated suppression of mammary tumorigenesis .	82	8
We previously showed that autophagy-defective immortalized mouse mammary epithelial cells are susceptible to metabolic stress , DNA damage , and genomic instability .	
We now report that autophagy deficiency is associated with endoplasmic reticulum ( ER ) and oxidative stress , and with deregulation of p62-mediated keratin homeostasis in mammary cells , allograft tumors , and mammary tissues from genetically engineered mice .	
Autophagy is activated in response to cellular stressors and mediates lysosomal degradation and recycling of cytoplasmic material and organelles as a temporary cell survival mechanism .	
Defective autophagy is implicated in human pathology , as disruption of protein and organelle homeostasis enables disease-promoting mechanisms such as toxic protein aggregation , oxidative stress , genomic damage , and inflammation .	
This effect is accompanied by a major increase in NF-κB-dependent histone acetylation around the ERE .	
Interestingly , CBP , a histone acetyltransferase previously implicated in repressive interactions between ER and NF-κB , plays a permissive role by promoting histone acetylation and ER recruitment , as well as enhanced expression of BIRC3 .	
These findings suggest a new gene regulatory mechanism by which inflammation and NF-κB activation can influence ER recruitment to inherently inactive ER binding sites .	a	93	a2	9
This fine-tuning mechanism may explain how two factors that generally repress each other's activity may work together on certain genes to promote breast cancer cell survival and tumor progression .	
Estrogen receptor ( ER ) and NF-κB are transcription factors with profound effects on breast cancer cell proliferation and survival .	
While many studies demonstrate that ER and NF-κB can repress each other , we previously identified a gene signature that is synergistically upregulated by these two factors in more aggressive luminal B breast tumors .	
Herein , we examine a novel mechanism of cross talk between ER and NF-κB that results in the upregulation of the antiapoptotic gene BIRC3 ( also known as cIAP2 ) .	
We demonstrate that NF-κB , acting through two response elements , is required for ER recruitment to an adjacent estrogen response element ( ERE ) in the BIRC3 promoter .	
The FABP and FAF lesions exist in a simple mixture of ' stacked ' ( S ) and ' B-type ' ( B ) conformers , whereas the N-acetylated FAAF also samples a ' wedge ' ( W ) conformer .	
The effects of high and low dietary fat ( 20% vs. 0.5% corn oil ) , and of the prostaglandin synthetase inhibitor indomethacin ( 0.005% w/w ) , on tumour incidence , tumour growth , hormone-receptor status and growth-factor expression were examined in dimethylbenzanthracene ( DMBA)-induced rat breast cancer .	
The high dietary-fat group showed a significantly higher tumour incidence , larger tumour size and larger number of bromodeoxyuridine(BrdU)-positive cells of tumours as compared with those in the low dietary-fat group .	
Indomethacin reduced tumour incidence significantly , but conversely increased the tumour size and the number of BrdU-positive cells in both the high and the low dietary-fat groups .	9
No significant difference was noted in the hormone-receptor status of the tumours .	9	93
Growth factors ( TGF-alpha and IGF-II ) were somewhat highly expressed in the high dietary-fat group as compared with the low dietary-fat group , but indomethacin rather reduced the growth-factor expression .	9	92
It is concluded that high dietary fat stimulates tumour incidence and tumour proliferation , while indomethacin has dual effects : a stimulating effect on tumour proliferation , but an inhibiting effect on tumour incidence .	9
It is also suggested that hormone-receptor status and growth-factor expression do not play an important role in their stimulating effects on tumour proliferation .	9	93	92
A simple A- to -T polarity swap in the G*CA/G*CT transition produced a dramatic increase in syn-conformation and resulted in 2- to 3-fold lower nucleotide excision repair ( NER ) efficiencies in Escherichia coli .	62	6
Tumors of all three models regressed upon MEK inhibition , but showed less pronounced response to PI3K inhibition .	
To investigate the requirement of the MAPK and the PI3K pathways on tumor maintenance , three selected pancreatic xenograft models were tested for their response to MEK or PI3K inhibition .	
In contrast , no effect on pAKT levels could be observed due to almost undetectable basal expression levels .	
We further examined signaling downstream of K-RAS , and detected a robust reduction of pERK levels upon K-RAS knock down .	
Knock down of K-RAS resulted in impaired tumor growth in all pancreatic xenograft models tested , demonstrating that K-RAS expression is indeed required for tumor maintenance of K-RAS mutant pancreatic tumors .	63	6
To better understand the requirements for K-RAS and its downstream signaling pathways MAPK and PI3K in pancreatic tumor maintenance , we established an inducible K-RAS knock down system that allowed us to ablate K-RAS in established tumors .	
K-RAS signals via downstream effector pathways such as the MAPK and the PI3K signaling pathways , and much effort has been focused on developing drugs targeting components of these pathways .	
Activating K-RAS mutations occur at a frequency of 90% in pancreatic cancer , and to date no therapies exist targeting this oncogene .	
These data provide further rationale for testing combinations of MEK and PI3K inhibitors in clinical trials comprising a patient population with pancreatic cancer harboring mutations in K-RAS .	63	6
The effect of MEK inhibition on pancreatic xenografts could be enhanced further by combined application of a PI3K inhibitor .	
LAM is a cystic lung disease that is characterized by the infiltration of smooth muscle-like cells into the pulmonary parenchyma .	
Mutations in the tumor suppressor tuberin ( TSC2 ) are a common factor in the development of lymphangioleiomyomatosis ( LAM ) .	
Here we show that tuberin-null cells become nonadherent and invasive .	
The mechanism by which the loss of tuberin promotes the development of LAM has yet to be elucidated , although several lines of evidence suggest it is due to the metastasis of tuberin-deficient cells .	
In reporter assays , the β-catenin products are transcriptionally active and promote MMP7 expression .	
These nonadherent cells express cleaved forms of β-catenin .	
Examination of LAM tissues shows the expression of cleaved β-catenin products and MMP7 consistent with a model that tuberin-deficient cells acquire invasive properties through a β-catenin-dependent mechanism , which may underlie the development of LAM .	11	1
Invasion by the tuberin-null cells is mediated by MMP7 .	11	1
CONCLUSIONS : VWCS efficiently interacted at the ATP binding pocket of p38α with high potency and can be used as a potent inhibitor in case of HNSCC .	
GENERAL SIGNIFICANCE : VWCS can act as an anticancer agent as it potentially inhibits the cell growth and induces apoptosis in oral cancer cell-line in a dose as well as time dependent manner .	8	81
The data indicate that the presence of the naphthyl moiety in MNF results in functional coupling to the CBR pathway , providing one of the first examples of a dually acting β(2)-AR-CBR ligand .	
These experiments suggest that antimony containing arylstibonic acids are promising leads for suppression of DNA binding activities of B-ZIP and B-HLH-ZIP transcription factors .	
The average lung metastatic nodule was 16 in the blank control group and 10 in the RSR group .	1	12
The inhibition rate of lung metastasis was 37. 85% in the RSR group , but with no statistical significance .	1	12
The primary tumor resection was carried out .	
After surgery they were randomly divided into the blank control group , the RSR group , the Herceptin group , and the combination group ( RSR + Herceptin group ) .	
OBJECTIVE To observe the anti-tumor recurrent and metastatic efficacy of Ru'ai Shuhou Recipe ( RSR ) on HER2 positive breast cancer , to evaluate the effects of RSR on the expressions of matrix metalloproteinases ( MMPs ) and the tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinases ( TIMPs ) in the recurrence and metastasis of HER2 positive breast cancer , thus revealing its anti-tumor recurrent and metastatic mechanisms .	
METHODS Selected were 30-week-old HER2/neu transgenic spontaneous breast cancer mice FVB/neu .	
CONCLUSION The Rag1 mutant rat will serve as an important model for transplantation studies .	63	6
Furthermore , it may be used as a model for reconstitution experiments related to the immune system , particularly with respect to different populations of human lymphocytes , natural killer cells and autoimmune phenomena .	2	21
The treatment lasted for 4 months .	
The inhibition rate of the recurrent tumor volume and the inhibition rate of the lung metastasis were evaluated .	
Apoptosis was significantly augmented and cell proliferation was inhibited .	9	81	8
As a single therapy Sorafenib significantly improved survival in the late treatment group .	
Furthermore , we confirmed differential expression of eight genes by semi-quantitative RT-PCR and identified the potential tumour suppressor transforming growth factor-beta ( TGF-beta)-1-induced clone 22 ( TSC-22 ; tgfb1i4 ) as a novel protein to be induced in contact-inhibited cells .	5	52
Interestingly , the majority of genes was upregulated indicating that contact-inhibition is not a passive state , but actively induced .	5	52
Rip1Tag2 mice were treated in two different groups according to the model of tumor progression : the early treatment group received vehicle or Sorafenib from 10 to 14 weeks of age and the late treatment group from week 12 until death .	
Tumor surface , tumor cell proliferation , and apoptosis were measured in both treatment groups to assess the in vivo effects of Sorafenib .	
The purpose of the study was to evaluate Sorafenib ( BAY 43-9006 ) derived receptor tyrosine kinase inhibition on tumor progression in murine islet cell tumors .	
Sorafenib is considered to be a potent inhibitor of tumor angiogenesis and neovascularization in various solid tumors .	
Unravelling the molecular mechanisms of contact-inhibition and its loss during tumourigenesis will be an important step towards the identification of novel target genes in tumour diagnosis and treatment .	
Despite its generally accepted importance for cell-cycle control , little is known about the intracellular signalling pathways involved in contact-inhibition .	
Vice versa , transformed cells are characterised by a loss of contact-inhibition .	
Proliferation of non-transformed cells is regulated by cell-cell contacts , which are referred to as contact-inhibition .	
In a narrow analysis ( cut off : >or=2-fold , P <or= 0.002 ) , we found 110 transcripts to be differentially expressed representing 107 genes and 3 cDNA sequences involved , for example , in proliferation , signal transduction , transcriptional regulation , cell adhesion and communication .	
Importing these data into GenMAPP software revealed a comprehensive list of cell-cycle regulatory genes mediating G0/G1 arrest , which was confirmed by RT-PCR and Western blot .	
Setting the cut off : >or=1.5-fold , P <or= 0.05 , 853 genes and 73 cDNA sequences were differentially expressed in confluent compared to exponentially growing cultures .	
To better understand the underlying molecular mechanisms we identified the transcriptional programme of contact-inhibition in NIH3T3 fibroblast using high-density microarrays .	
Pitavastatin also caused a significant increase in the expression of phosphorylated form of the AMP-activated kinase ( AMPK ) protein on the colonic mucosa of AOM-treated mice .	
In addition , the expression levels of TNF-alpha , IL-6 , IL-18 , and COX-2 mRNAs on the colonic mucosa of AOM-treated mice were decreased by treatment with this agent .	a1	a2	a
Statins , which are commonly used for the treatment of hyperlipidemia , are known to possess anti-inflammatory effects .	
Statins also exert chemopreventive properties against various cancers .	
Obesity and related metabolic abnormalities are risk factors for colorectal cancer .	
A state of chronic inflammation and adipocytokine imbalance may play a role in colorectal carcinogenesis .	
Feeding with either dose of pitavastatin significantly reduced the number of colonic premalignant lesions , beta-catenin accumulated crypts , by inhibiting proliferation and the surrounding inflammation .	a	a2
Pitavastatin increased the serum levels of adiponectin while conversely decreasing the serum levels of total cholesterol , tumor necrosis factor-alpha ( TNF-alpha ) , interleukin ( IL)-6 , IL-18 , and leptin .	
The present study examined the effects of pitavastatin , a recently developed lipophilic statin , on the development of azoxymethane ( AOM)-initiated colonic premalignant lesions in C57BL/KsJ-db/db ( db/db ) obese mice .	
Male db/db mice were administrated weekly subcutaneous injections of AOM ( 15 mg/kg body weight ) for 4 weeks and then were subsequently fed a diet containing 1 ppm or 10 ppm pitavastatin for 8 weeks .	
Lymphocytes are a key component of the immune system and their differentiation and function are directly influenced by cancer .	
Taken together , our data show that selective targeting of apoptosis to tumors may be an efficient antitumor mechanism .	8	81
This result suggests that cross-linking of APO-1 on the tumor cell surface may also be required for tumor regression by apoptosis in vivo .	8	81
These deviations suggest non-zero contributions from anisotropic indirect spin-spin ( J anisotropy ) interactions , thereby offering additional evidence for covalent bonding .	
Finally , ( 11)B{(31)P} rotational echo double resonance ( REDOR ) experiments show systematic deviations from calculated curves based on the internuclear distances from X-ray crystallography .	
Both the ( 11)B NMR isotropic chemical shifts and nuclear electric quadrupolar coupling parameters turn out to be extremely sensitive experimental probes for such interactions , revealing linear correlations with boron-phosphorus internuclear distances .	
Covalent bonding interactions between the Lewis acid and Lewis base functionalities have been probed in a series of " frustrated Lewis pairs " ( FLPs ) ( mainly substituted vinylene linked intramolecular phosphane-borane adducts ) , using solid-state nuclear magnetic resonance techniques and accompanying DFT calculations .	
Complementary ( 31)P{(1)H}-CPMAS experiments reveal significant ( 31)P-(11)B scalar spin-spin interactions ( (1)J \u2248 50 Hz ) , evidencing covalent bonding interactions between the reaction centers .	
The principal component V(zz) of the ( 11)B electric field gradient tensor is tilted slightly away ( from the boron-phosphorus internuclear vector , leading to an improved understanding of the remarkable reactivity of the FLPs .	
Epidemiological studies exploring the connection between hypertension and cancer incidence find a higher cancer mortality in hypertensive patients , particularly elevated in hypertension associated with a stimulation of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system .	
High and increased CEC counts at day 15 were associated with the ORR ( p = .04 ) and the 16W-DCR ( p = .02 ) , respectively .	
Primary aldosteronism , with plasma aldosterone levels between 0.5 and 1 nM ( 18-36 ng/dL ) and local aldosterone levels up to 500 nM ( 18,000 ng/dL ) , is now recognised as a more common cause for hypertension .	
At similar , physiologically achievable concentrations , AKBA rapidly ( within minutes ) and potently inhibited the phosphorylation of extracellular signal-regulated kinase 1 and 2 ( Erk-1 and Erk-2 ) in meningioma cells stimulated with platelet-derived growth factor BB .	
High expression level of 5-LO was detected in primary meningioma cells and surgical specimens by immunoblotting analysis , suggesting the possible role of 5-LO in meningioma tumorigenesis .	
Considering the critical importance of the Erk-1/2 signal transduction pathway not only in meningiomas but in other human neoplasms , the interruption of signaling through this evolutionarily conserved pathway might be one of the mechanisms by which AKBA induces suppression of proliferation and apoptosis of different tumor types .	921	92	9
Acetyl-11-keto-beta-boswellic acid ( AKBA ) is a naturally occurring pentacyclic triterpene isolated from the gum resin exudate from the stem of the tree Boswellia serrata ( frankincense ) .	
AKBA has been recently identified as a novel , orally active , non-redox and non-competitive 5-lipoxygenase inhibitor that also inhibits topisomerase I and II in vitro .	
Because natural pentacyclic triterpenes have an antiproliferative effect against different tumor types , we investigated the effects of AKBA on the proliferation of 11 primary cell cultures established from human surgical specimens of meningiomas , common central nervous system tumors .	
Treatment of meningioma cells by AKBA revealed a potent cytotoxic activity with half-maximal inhibitory concentrations in the range of 2-8 microM .	
Since aldosterone in higher concentrations also has oxidative effects , its potential genotoxic action in pig LLC-PK1 cells with properties of proximal tubules was analysed .	
Strikingly , highly activated ERK1/2 signalling and cell cycle progression occurred when cells were released from plateau phase regardless of high seeding density .	
Re-seeding exponentially growing cultures at high cell density induced p27/CDKN1B expression and suppressed P-ERK1/2 indicating a certain regulation of proliferation by contact inhibition .	5	52
Moreover , activation of ERK1/2 was also strongly influenced by growth state and cell density of U251 cultures .	
These findings have important implications for in vitro drug testing in glioblastoma .	
A phosphoreceptor tyrosine kinase array showed FBS-induced activation of insulin-like growth factor-1 receptor ( IGF-1R),and the IGF-1R inhibitor AG1024 inhibited FBS-induced phosphorylation of ERK1/2 , implying IGF-1R as the major driver of FBS-associated mitogenic signalling in the absence of exogenous EGF .	9	93	92
By contrast , addition of fetal bovine serum ( FBS ) activated downstream ERK1/2 via the MAP kinase kinase without phosphorylating EGFR .	921	92	9
Intact EGFR function was verified by the rapid phosphorylation of EGFR and downstream mitogen-activated protein(MAP) kinase ERK1/2 upon addition of exogenous EGF to serum-starved cells .	921	93	9	92
Despite the high expression level , activation of EGFR under standard culture conditions was low .	
Here , we assessed the role of EGFR activation for downstream mitogenic signalling in the commonly used glioblastoma cell line U251 .	
Epidermal growth factor receptor ( EGFR ) gene amplification and overexpression are commonly present in glioblastoma , and confer advantages of growth , invasiveness and radio/chemotherapy-resistance for tumour cells .	
During treatment , placental growth factor markedly increased , whereas vascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF)-A dramatically decreased ( p < .0001 ) ; soluble VEGF receptor-2 ( p < .0001 ) and CECs ( p = .03 ) transiently increased on day 3 .	71	7	711
The micronucleus frequency test revealed that 10 nM aldosterone also leads to the formation of micronuclei .	61	6
Furthermore , the formation of superoxide radicals in the cells by this aldosterone concentration could be detected with the superoxide-specific stain dihydroethidium .	
Further evidence for oxidative stress-induced DNA damage was its reversibility by the antioxidants tempol and catalase .	61	6
Addition of the steroidal mineralocorticoid receptor antagonist spironolactone or the novel selective nonsteroidal antagonist ( R)-BR-4628 reduced the DNA damage and the amount of superoxide radicals indicating a receptor-dependent process .	61	6
Previously , we have shown that chronic inflammation in Nrf2(-/-) ( Nrf2 knockout ; KO ) mice resulted in higher expression of inflammatory markers and cytokines , coupled with higher inflammatory damage to the colonic crypt cells , as compared to the Nrf2(+/+) ( wild type ; WT ) mice .	
Induction of mutation in the colon by administration of carcinogen , AOM prior to DSS-induced inflammation resulted in higher tumor incidence and numbers in Nrf2KO mice .	
Mutations in adenomatous polyposis coli ( APC ) gene are found in more than 80% of colorectal cancer ( CRC ) patients .	
The nuclear transcription factor Nrf2 plays a central role in the regulation of oxidative stress and inflammation .	
To demonstrate the in vivo mechanisms , we constructed both Apc mutated and Nrf2 deficient strain Apc(min/+) mice with C57BL/6 Nrf2KO mice to obtain F1 , Apc(min/+) ;Nrf2(+/-) and F2 , Apc(min/+) ;Nrf2(-/-) mice .	
Nrf2KO decreased the protein expression of antioxidant enzyme NQO1 in Apc(min/+) .	
These results indicate that Nrf2-dependent inhibition of inflammation appears to be critical in inhibiting mutation-initiated colorectal carcinogenesis .	
In this study , we aim to investigate if loss of Nrf2 would dose-dependently promote intestinal tumorigenesis in Apc(min/+) mice .	
Single-strand breaks were completely repaired 24 h after irradiation , whereas residual double-strand breaks were still present .	612	61	6
In contrast , Nrf2KO enhanced the expression of inflammatory markers such as COX-2 , cPLA , LTB(4) in Apc(min/+) .	a	a2
Finally , Nrf2KO resulted in higher level of PCNA and c-Myc expression in intestinal tissue , indicating the deficiency of Nrf2 promotes proliferation of intestinal crypt cells in Apc(min/+) .	91	9
Repair kinetics showed that most of the damage was repaired within 2 h after irradiation , and that the highest rejoining rate occurred with the highest dose ( 10 Gy ) .	62	6
CONCLUSIONS These observations suggest a novel role of BMP-6/HO-1 cascade to relieve breast cancer metastasis by regulating the secretion of growth factors in tumor microenvironment .	9	12	92	1
NO-sulindac significantly diminished the progression of benign lesions to invasive carcinomas by suppressing the tumor aggressiveness and retarding epithelial-mesenchymal transition .	11	1
A marked decrease in the expression of mesenchymal markers such as Fibronectin , N-cadherin , SNAI , Slug and Twist and an increase in epithelial cell polarity marker E-cadherin were noted in NO-sulindac-treated tumors .	
Our data suggest that NO-sulindac is a potent inhibitor of UVB-induced skin carcinogenesis and acts by targeting proliferation-regulatory pathways .	
How this functional conversion occurs , however , remains unknown .	
In conclusion , severe cervical inflammation and CIN I are more frequent among Zimbabwean women who use COCs as compared to non-users of COCs .	a	a2
Frequencies of advanced CIN are low among women who undergo routine cytological screening because this enables early detection and subsequent treatment .	
Our findings indicate a physical association between PAK4 and MMP-2 , and suggest the future therapeutic potential of PAK4/MMP-2 dual targeting in glioma treatment .	
In experimental metastasis model mice , treatment with luteolin ( 10 or 20 mg/kg ) reduced metastatic colonization in the lungs by 50% .	1	12
Whereas estrogen-estrogen receptor α ( ER ) signaling plays an important role in breast cancer growth , it is also necessary for the differentiation of normal breast epithelial cells .	
Taken together , the whole pathway was associated with advanced prostate cancer risk ( P = 0.02 ) .	
The mechanism of cell growth inhibition by xanthone-loaded polymeric micelles was mediated through induction of apoptosis , as evidenced from a subdiploid peak of propidium iodide stained cells using flow cytometric analysis .	
From the results of this study it can be concluded that xanthone has potent anticancer activity not only on sensitive but also on doxorubicin resistant cancer cell lines. mPEG-b-p(HPMAm-Lac(2)) micelles are therefore attractive delivery systems of xanthone for the treatment of cancer .	
On the other hand empty mPEG-b-p(HPMAm-Lac(2)) micelles did not show any cytotoxicity towards normal cells ( PBMCs ) .	
Interestingly , the cytostatic effect of xanthone towards normal cells was masked when loaded in the micelles .	
The average particle diameter of the xanthone loaded mPEG-b-p(HPMAm-Lac(2)) micelles as determined by dynamic light scattering ranged from 84 to 112 nm .	
In vitro assays showed that xanthone in its free form as well as loaded in polymeric micelles had a high cytotoxicity towards both doxorubicin sensitive and , importantly , resistant cancer cells .	
In the present study xanthone was loaded into poly(ethylene glycol)-b-poly[N-(2-hydroxypropyl ) methacrylamide-dilactate ] mPEG-b-p(HPMAm-Lac(2)) micelles in order to overcome these drawbacks .	
It was shown that xanthone could be loaded in these micelles up to 2 mg/mL with entrapment efficiency and loading capacity .	
Xanthone exhibits several medicinal activities and especially it inhibits the growth of cancer cells .	
However , the use of xanthone is limited because of its low aqueous solubility and systemic toxicity .	
Altogether our findings suggest that upregulation of Glut-1 and Prx I constitute successful adaptive strategies of MEC cells conferring a growth advantage over normal salivary gland cells in the unstable oxygenation tumour environment .	
In addition , the observed high Prx I protein levels could provide protection to tumour cells against reactive oxygen species generated as a consequence of mitochondrial function and hypoxia-reoxygenation cycling .	
These results suggested that oxidative phosphorylation may contribute to ATP supply in all stages of MEC progression , and that the relative contribution of glycolysis over mitochondria for cellular ATP supply increases during MEC progression , favouring growth under low oxygen concentration .	31	3
In contrast Glut-1 expression increased significantly as the tumours became more aggressive .	
Our results showed that mitochondrial antigen and Prx I were expressed in the majority of the MEC cases independent of the histological grade .	
Hypothesizing that the study of MEC metabolic status could lead to the discovery of prognostic markers , we investigated by immunohistochemistry the expression of glucose transporter 1 ( Glut-1 ) , mitochondrial antigen and peroxiredoxin I ( Prx I ) in samples of MEC from different histological grades .	
Since Warburg's studies , unrestricted cell growth during tumorigenesis has been linked to altered metabolism , implying hypoxic stimulation of glycolysis and diminished contribution of mitochondrial oxidative phosphorylation to cellular ATP supply .	
Mucoepidermoid carcinoma ( MEC ) , the most common primary salivary malignancy , shows great variability in clinical behaviour , thus demanding investigation to identify of prognostic markers .	
The recent approval of a prostate cancer vaccine has renewed hope for anticancer immunotherapies .	
AMP-activated protein kinase ( AMPK ) has been implicated in anti-proliferative actions in a range of cell systems .	
Given that the combinations of high doses of bevacizumab with chemotherapy have not improved overall survival of breast cancer patients , our study suggests a strategy to use antiangiogenic agents in breast cancer more effectively with active immunotherapy and potentially other anticancer therapies .	2	21	71	7
CONCLUSIONS Serotonin receptor antagonists and agonists as well as MLT influence viability and apoptosis of PCa cell lines at supraphysiologic concentrations .	8	81
The expression of the Notch ligand Delta-like ( Dll)-4 in the MSC(miR-126) group was also increased .	
Additionally , luteolin inhibited the activity of PI3K activity as well as the phosphorylation of Akt , ERK1/2 , and CDC25c in the presence and absence of IGF-I stimulation .	921	92	9
Cell cycle alterations were seen in PC3 and DU145 cells under the influence of the 5HTR1a antagonist .	
This work underscores the central importance of the IGF1 pathway in controlling the tremendous size diversity of dogs .	
Pre-incubation with N-acetylcysteine reduced DPDT's oxidative , genotoxic and mutagenic effects in yeast and V79 cells .	6
Our results suggest that the toxic and mutagenic properties of DPDT may stem from its ability to disturb the redox balance of the cell , which leads to oxidative stress and the induction of DNA damage .	6
Our strongest association for tiny size ( defined as breed-average height not more than 10 in. at the withers ) was on canine chromosome 3 ( p = 1.9 × 10(-70) ) .	
Fine mapping revealed a nonsynonymous SNP at chr3:44,706,389 that changes a highly conserved arginine at amino acid 204 to histidine in the insulin-like growth factor 1 receptor ( IGF1R ) .	
This mutation is predicted to prevent formation of several hydrogen bonds within the cysteine-rich domain of the receptor's ligand-binding extracellular subunit .	
Nine of 13 tiny dog breeds carry the mutation and many dogs are homozygous for it .	
Domestic dog breeds have undergone intense selection for a variety of morphologic features , including size .	
Among small-dog breeds , defined as those averaging less than in. at the withers , there remains still considerable variation in body size .	
Yet essentially all such dogs are fixed for the same allele at the insulin-like growth factor 1 gene , which we and others previously found to be a size locus of large effect .	
In this study we sought to identify additional genes that contribute to tiny size in dogs using an association scan with the single nucleotide polymorphism ( SNP ) dataset CanMap , in which 915 purebred dogs were genotyped at 60,968 SNP markers .	
For in vivo experiments , MSC(miR-126) cultures were intramyocardially injected into the infarct region of the hearts of female C57BL/6 mice ( an acute myocardial infarction model ) who had undergone ligation of the left anterior descending coronary artery .	
Replacement of wild-type PKM2 with a nuclear translocation-deficient mutant ( S37A ) blocks the EGFR-promoted Warburg effect and brain tumour development in mice .	9	31	93	3
In addition , levels of PKM2 Ser37 phosphorylation correlate with EGFR and ERK1/2 activity in human glioblastoma specimens .	921	93	9	92
Our findings highlight the importance of nuclear functions of PKM2 in the Warburg effect and tumorigenesis .	31	3
Pyruvate kinase M2 ( PKM2 ) is upregulated in multiple cancer types and contributes to the Warburg effect by unclear mechanisms .	
BACKGROUND AND AIMS : Impairment of the immune system may contribute to the risk for having cancer as Toll-like receptors are important for innate immunity .	
Phosphorylated PKM2 Ser37 recruits PIN1 for cis-trans isomerization of PKM2 , which promotes PKM2 binding to importin \u03b15 and translocating to the nucleus .	
Nuclear PKM2 acts as a coactivator of \u03b2-catenin to induce c-Myc expression , resulting in the upregulation of GLUT1 , LDHA and , in a positive feedback loop , PTB-dependent PKM2 expression .	
These findings suggest that iPLA(2)γ promotes β-cell proliferation and that its expression is increased during inflammation or oxidative stress as a mechanism to mitigate membrane injury that may enhance β-cell survival .	a21	a2	a
In vitro studies of antiproliferative activity of the photochemicaly generated QMs and zwitterions formed from 2- , 3- and 4-phenylphenols were carried out on three human cancer cell lines HCT 116 ( colon ) , MCF-7 ( breast ) , and H 460 ( lung ) .	
Irradiation of cells incubated with 3 , 6 , and 26 showed enhanced antiproliferative activity compared to the cells that were not irradiated .	
In aqueous media , photochemical excitation to S(1) of 3-phenylphenols 4-8 leads to deprotonation of the phenol OH , coupled with protonation of the benzyl alcohol and overall dehydration that delivers zwitterions 17-21 .	
The zwitterions react with nucleophiles ( CH(3)OH , CF(3)CH(2)OH and ethanolamine ) converting them in high quantum yields to the corresponding adducts and photosolvolysis products ( for photomethanolysis \u03a6 Zwitterions 20 and 21 were characterized by laser flash photolysis in CH(3)CN-H(2)O ( \u03c4 and 25 \u03bcs , respectively ) and the associated quenching rate constants with nucleophiles azide and ethanolamine determined .	
Such differences in angiogenic factors may be important in lung cancer biology and recurrence following surgery .	7	71
VATS is associated with an attenuated angiogenic response with lower circulating VEGF and Ang-2 levels compared with open .	71	7	711
CLOCK genes influence ageing as well .	
The survival of MSC(miR-126) cultures , determined by Sry expression , was increased at 7 days after transplantation .	
Agents capable of inducing apoptosis in prostate cancer cells seem a promising approach to treat this malignancy .	
In this study we describe the synthesis of a number of novel N- and N,N'-substituted S-2,3,4,5,6-pentabromobenzylisothiouronium bromides and their activity against the human prostate adenocarcinoma PC3 cell line .	
All the compounds produced changes in mitochondrial transmembrane potential and cell cycle progression , showed a cytostatic effect and induced apoptosis in the tested cancer line in a concentration- and time-dependent manner .	91	81	9	8
The most effective compounds ZKK-3 , ZKK-9 and ZKK-13 produced , at 20 microM concentration , apoptosis in 42 , 46 , and 66% of the cells , respectively , after 48 h incubation .	8	81
Two selected S-2,3,4,5,6-pentabromobenzylisothiouronium bromides ( ZKK-3 , ZKK-9 ) showed also a synergic proapoptotic effect with the new casein kinase II inhibitor 2-(4-methylpiperazin-1-yl)-4,5,6,7-tetrabromo-1H-benzimidazole ( TBIPIP ) in the PC3 cell line .	8	81
Vaccination is , in theory , a safe and effective approach for controlling disseminated or metastatic cancer due to the specificity of the mammalian immune system , yet its success in the clinic has been hampered thus far by the problem of immune tolerance to tumor self-antigen .	
The size and weight of xenograft tumors from the nude mice model were measured .	
Nevertheless , treatment related changes in gene expression ( post-treatment minus pre-treatment ) revealed an increased expression of T-cell and B-cell receptor signaling pathways in responding ( R ) patients compared to non-responding ( NR ) patients .	
The endothelial cell-specific microRNA ( miRNA ) , miR-126 , is considered a master regulator of physiological angiogenesis .	
Transplanted mesenchymal stem cells ( MSCs ) release soluble factors contributing to neoangiogenesis and cardiac repair .	
It functions as a tumor suppressor ; its loss disrupts intestinal homeostasis and promotes tumorigenesis .	
BACKGROUND & AIMS GUCY2C is the intestinal receptor for the paracrine hormones guanylin and uroguanylin that converts guanosine-5'-triphosphate to cyclic guanosine monophosphate ( cGMP ) .	
METHODS Intestinal cell proliferation and metabolism were examined in Gucy2c(-/-) and colon cancer cells by microscopy , immunoblot , and functional analyses .	
We investigated the effects of GUCY2C loss on intestinal cell proliferation , metabolism , signaling , and tumorigenesis in mice .	
RESULTS The size and number of intestinal crypts increased in Gucy2c(-/-) mice ; the associated epithelial cells showed accelerated proliferation , increased glycolysis , and reduced oxidative phosphorylation , which was reversed by oral administration of cGMP .	31	3
Microarray analyses compared gene expression profiles of intestine cell from Gucy2c(-/-) and wild-type mice. v akt murine thymoma viral oncogene homolog ( AKT ) regulation and signaling were examined , and the role of AKT in GUCY2C-dependent tumorigenesis was defined in Gucy2c(-/-)Akt1(-/-) mice .	
AKT signaling pathways were activated in intestines of Gucy2c(-/-) mice , associated with increased AKT phosphorylation .	
Conversely , activating guanylyl cyclase C in human colon cancer cells delayed cell-cycle progression , decreased DNA synthesis and colony formation , reduced glycolysis , and increased mitochondrial adenosine triphosphate production .	31	3
It is concluded that the pale , necrotic debris represents one stage in the resorption process of blood after hemorrhagic necrosis of pituitary adenomas .	
This entity needs to be kept in mind especially since the material closely resemble the pultaceous material seen in craniopharyngiomas and epidermoid cysts .	
A clinicopathological study of 41 cases of pituitary apoplexy in a series of 324 surgically treated pituitary adenomas is presented .	
In 23 patients , the predominant operative finding was hemorrhage with or without necrosis .	83	8
However , there were 15 ( 37.7% ) cases where pale , necrotic tissue with no evidence of hemorrhage was found at surgery .	
Pale , necrotic material was particularly found when there was a long interval between the acute clinical event and surgery .	
These results suggest that ERRF plays a role in estrogen-ER-mediated growth of breast cancer cells and could , thus , be a potential therapeutic target .	9	93	92
Instead , based on results from both transmission electron microscopy ( TEM ) and the expression of microtubule-associated protein 1 light chain 3-II ( LC3-II ) , we determined that OP-B treatment induced autophagy in both cell lines .	82	8
Next , we examined the PI3K/Akt/mTOR signaling pathway and found that OP-B inhibited phosphorylation of Akt(Ser473 , Thr308 ) in NCI-H157 cells and also inhibited several key components of the pathway in NCI-H460 cells , such as p-Akt(Ser473 , Thr308 ) , p-p70S6K ( Thr389 ) .	
Thus , curcumin might be an effective chemopreventive agent for retinoblastoma cancer .	
Ophiopogonin B ( OP-B ) is a bioactive component of Radix Ophiopogon Japonicus , which is often used in Chinese traditional medicine to treat pulmonary disease .	
However , whether or not OP-B has any potential antitumor activity has not been reported .	
Here , we show that the non-small cell lung cancer ( NSCLC ) cell lines NCI-H157 and NCI-H460 treated with OP-B grow more slowly and accumulate vacuoles in their cytoplasm compared to untreated control cells .	
Flow cytometric analysis showed that the cells were arrested in G0/G1 phase .	91	9
Medicinal mushroom Ganoderma lucidum is one of the most esteemed natural products that have been used in the traditional Chinese medicine .	
In this article , we demonstrate that G. lucidum triterpene extract ( GLT ) suppresses proliferation of human colon cancer cells HT-29 and inhibits tumor growth in a xenograft model of colon cancer .	
These effects of GLT are associated with the cell cycle arrest at G0/G1 and the induction of the programmed cell death Type II-autophagy in colon cancer cells .	
Here , we show that GLT induces formation of autophagic vacuoles and upregulates expression of Beclin-1 ( 1.3-fold increase ) and LC-3 ( 7.3-fold increase ) proteins in colon cancer cells and in tumors in a xenograft model ( Beclin-1 , 3.9-fold increase ; LC-3 , 1.9-fold increase ) .	82	8
Autophagy is mediated through the inhibition of p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase ( p38 MAPK ) because p38 MAPK inhibitor , SB202190 , induces autophagy and expression of Beclin-1 ( 1.2-fold increase ) and LC-3 ( 7.4-fold increase ) , and GLT suppresses phosphorylation of p38 MAPK ( approximately 60% inhibition ) in colon cancer cells .	9	8	82	921	92
Taken together , our data demonstrate a novel mechanism responsible for the inhibition of colon cancer cells by G. lucidum and suggest GLT as natural product for the treatment of colon cancer .	
We found that curcumin regulated the expression of genes that are involved in the regulation of apoptosis , tumor suppressor , cell-cycle arrest , transcription factor , and angiogenesis .	7	9	71	91	8	81
These genes were grouped into respective functional categories according to their biological function .	
Dickkopf ( DKK ) 4 , a secreted protein , antagonizes the Wnt signal pathway .	
In this study , we demonstrate that T(3) may play a suppressor role by inducing DKK4 expression in HCC cells at both the messenger RNA ( mRNA ) and protein levels .	
Thyroid hormone ( T(3) ) mediates cellular growth , development , and differentiation by binding to the nuclear thyroid hormone receptor ( TR ) .	
Recent studies suggest that long-term hypothyroidism is associated with human hepatocellular carcinoma ( HCC ) independent from other major HCC risk factors .	
Further , TR and DKK4 expression levels were positively correlated in both normal and cancerous specimens by tissue array analysis .	
In function assays , stable DKK4 transfected into J7 or HepG2 cells decreased cell invasion in vitro .	11	1
DKK4 was down-regulated in 67.5% of HCC cancerous tissues .	
The decrease in DKK4 levels was accompanied by a concomitant decrease in TR protein levels in the matched cancerous tissues in 31% of tissues compared by immunoblotting with the adjacent noncancerous tissues .	
Conversely , knocking down DKK4 restores cell invasiveness .	11	1
DKK4-expressing J7 clones showed increased degradation of β-catenin , but down-regulation of CD44 , cyclin D1 , and c-Jun .	
Here we show by quantitative imaging assays that MDC1 and 53BP1 are similar in total copy number ( copies per focus ) , but differ substantially in dynamics at both replication-associated nuclear bodies in normal cells and DNA repair foci in ionizing radiation ( IR)-damaged cells .	
Rb cell lines displayed variable expression of Thy-1 , ICAM-1 , and MHC-I .	
NCAM was highly expressed on five of six Rb cell lines .	
Retinoblastoma ( Rb ) is the most common intraocular tumor of childhood .	
In this study we examined primary Rb specimens and Rb cell lines for the expression of immunoglobulin superfamily ( IgSF ) antigens : MHC class I and II ( MHC-I and MHC-II ) , neural cell adhesion molecule ( NCAM ) , intercellular adhesion molecule-1 ( ICAM-1 ) , and Thy-1 , which play an important role in immune system and tumor cell interactions .	
MHC-I and-II , ICAM-1 ( CD54 ) , NCAM ( CD56 ) , and Thy-1 ( CDw90 ) immunoreactivity was studied in eight primary Rb biopsy specimens using immunohistochemistry , three using immunoelectron microscopy , and six Rb cell lines using flow cytometry ( FCM ) .	
Parenchymal and vascular-associated cells , phenotypically similar to retinal microglia , strongly expressed MHC-II immunoreactivity and were distributed throughout primary Rb specimens .	2	21
However , MHC-II expression on Rb cell lines was similar to nonspecific control levels .	
Tumor cells in primary Rb specimens displayed high NCAM , moderate Thy-1 , and low MHC-I and ICAM-1 immunolabeling .	
Tumor vasculature expressed low to moderate MHC-I and ICAM-1 immunoreactivity and moderate Thy-1 immunoreactivity .	
NCAM was not detected on the vasculature of primary Rb specimens .	
CONCLUSION delta-Iotaodolactone seems to be the main iodocompound which can inhibit growth and induce apoptosis in B-CPAP cells as well as in MCF 7 breast cancer cells .	
The inhibition of growth was through apoptosis , and not necrosis , as the amount of apoptotic cells corresponded to the growth inhibition .	83	81	8
In contrast , in MCF 7 cells , molecular iodine ( 100 microM ) inhibited growth from 100% to 83% but delta-iodolactone ( 1 , 5 and 10 microM ) dose-dependently decreased growth rate from 100% to 82% and 62% , respectively .	
The most probable reaction pathway was determined using quantum chemical methods .	
Our results demonstrate that the rate limiting step is Michael addition between BPAQ and dA , the main product being the unstable N7-modified adduct that rapidly undergoes depurination .	61	611	6
Western blot analysis showed tea polyphenols and tea pigments significantly inhibited the expression of cyclin D1 protein and induced higher expression of P21WAFI/CIPI protein .	9	51	511	5	91
The result of RT-PCR analysis demonstrated that Cdk4 was significantly inhibited by tea polyphenols and tea pigments .	91	9
It is concluded that the induction of cell cycle arrest may be an important mechanism of tea on cancer prevention .	9	51	511	5	91
Increased expressions of BMP-1 , BMP-4 , BMP-6 , BMP-7 , and BMP-15 and decreased expressions of BMP-2 , BMP-5 , and BMP-9 were noticed , but only BMP-2 reached statistical significance .	
The effects of tea polyphenols and tea pigments on cell cycle of hepatic cancer cells were studied .	
HepG2 cells were incubated with 50 and 100 mg/L tea polyphenols and tea pigments for 48 h respectively .	
Flow cytometry , Western blot and RT-PCR analysis were used .	
Flow cytometry analysis showed that tea polyphenols and tea pigments induced G1 arrest .	511	5	51
Therefore , the current study reveals that NSCLC cells express an autocrine and paracrine cholinergic system which stimulates the growth of NSCLC cells .	
The results advocate that marmorin is a potential candidate for breast cancer therapy .	
Cancer cells with methylated NEFH can be targeted for destruction with specific inhibitors of deregulated downstream pathways .	31	3
Loss of NEFH activates the Akt/beta-catenin pathway and increases glycolysis and mitochondrial dysfunction .	31	3
The acceleration of glycolysis and mitochondrial dysfunction in NEFH-knockdown cells was suppressed in the absence of beta-catenin expression , and was decreased by the treatment of 2-Deoxyglucose , a glycolytic inhibitor , or API-2 , an Akt inhibitor .	31	3
Loss of NEFH caused up-regulation of pyruvate kinase-M2 type and down-regulation of pyruvate dehydrogenase , via activation of the Akt/beta-catenin pathway , resulting in enhanced aerobic glycolysis and mitochondrial dysfunction .	31	3
RNA interference-mediated knockdown of NEFH accelerated ESCC cell growth in culture and increased tumorigenicity in vivo , whereas forced expression of NEFH significantly inhibited cell growth and colony formation .	
We observed promoter methylation and loss of expression in neurofilament heavy polypeptide ( NEFH ) in a significant proportion of primary esophageal squamous cell carcinoma ( ESCC ) samples that were of a high tumor grade and advanced stage .	
Aerobic glycolysis and mitochondrial dysfunction are common features of aggressive cancer growth .	
METHODOLOGY/PRINCIPAL FINDINGS We chose to study Cloudman S-91 mouse melanoma cells ( sub-clone M3 , CCL53.1 ) because these cells are highly aggressive and metastatic , representing one of the deadliest types of cancer .	
Melanoma cells also had an experimental advantage because their morphology , which is easily monitored , relates to the physiology of metastatic cells and normal melanocytes .	
We chose to test methyl sulfone as a chemotherapeutic agent for two reasons .	
Because of its chemical structure , we speculated a potential anti-cancer activity by targeting microtubules .	
BACKGROUND The most deadly form of cancer is not lung or colon , breast or prostate ; it is any cancer that has become metastatic .	
Mortality due to metastatic melanoma , one of the most aggressive and deadly cancers , has increased steadily over the last several decades .	
Unfortunately , the arsenal of chemotherapeutic agents available today is most often unsuccessful at extending and improving the life expectancy of afflicted individuals .	
We sought to identify an effective and nontoxic agent against metastatic melanoma .	
We therefore suggest that , in our experimental settings , doxorubicin- and daunorubicin-induced cell death occurs by necrosis , while aclarubicin induces programmed cell death .	83	8
Programmed cell death is characterised by preservation of membrane integrity in order to allow removal of apoptotic bodies , whereas cell rupture is an early event in necrosis .	83	81	8
More importantly , aclarubicin induced these effects while the cell membrane was intact , whereas doxorubicin and daunorubicin led to immediate loss of membrane integrity .	
However , concentrations and times necessary for these effects to occur were different , aclarubicin being the quickest acting drug with a lag phase of 3 h , followed by daunorubicin with 6 h and doxorubicin with 24 h .	
All three substances induced DNA fragmentation , evident as DNA laddering and appearance of cells with hypodiploid DNA content , externalization of phosphatidyl serine , activation of caspases and degradation of the apoptosis-specific endonuclease inhibitor DFF45 .	8	81
The cells were incubated with drug concentrations up to 500 nM for periods between 3 and 24 hours , followed by morphological and biochemical analyses .	
We investigated the mode of cell death induced by the anthracyclines , aclarubicin , doxorubicin and daunorubicin in the human leukemia cell lines , HL60 and Jurkat .	
RESULTS We found that the presence of AGG interruptions significantly increased genetic stability , whereas specific haplotypes had a marginal association with transmission instability .	
CONCLUSION The presence of AGG interruptions reduced the risk of transmission of a full mutation for all maternal ( premutation ) repeat lengths below CGG repeats , with a differential risk ( 0 vs. 2 AGG ) exceeding 60% for alleles in the 70- to 80-CGG repeat range .	
METHODS We retrospectively analyzed 267 premutation alleles for number and position of AGG interruptions , length of pure CGG repeats , and CGG repeat lengths present in the offspring of the maternal transmissions .	
In addition , we determined the haplotypes of four markers flanking the 5'-UTR locus in the premutation mothers .	
PURPOSE The ability to accurately predict the likelihood of expansion of the CGG repeats in the FMR1 gene to a full mutation is of critical importance for genetic counseling of women who are carriers of premutation alleles ( 55-200 CGG repeats ) and who are weighing the risk of having a child with fragile X syndrome .	
The presence of AGG interruptions within the CGG repeat tract is thought to decrease the likelihood of expansion to a full mutation during transmission , thereby reducing risk , although their contribution has not been quantified .	
The results also show that an alkaline pHe caused an elevation in SLP/OXPHOS ratio ( approximately 98% SLP/OXPHOS ) ; while the ratio was approximately 56% at neutral pHe and approximately 93% in acidic pHe .	
Acidic pHe paralleled greater expression of mitochondrial biogenesis and OXPHOS genes , such as complex III-V ( Uqcr10 , Atp5 and Cox7c ) , mt Fmc1 , Romo1 , Tmem 173 , Tomm6 , aldehyde dehydrogenase , mt Sod2 mt biogenesis component PPAR-\u03b3 co-activator 1 adjunct to loss of mt fission ( Mff ) .	
Moreover , acidic pHe corresponded to metabolic efficiency evidenced by a rise in mTOR nutrient sensor G\u03b2L , its downstream target ( Eif4ebp1 ) , insulin modulators ( Trib3 and Fetub ) and loss of catabolic ( Hadhb , Bdh1 and Pygl)/glycolytic processes ( aldolase C , pyruvate kinase , Nampt and aldose-reductase ) .	
In contrast , alkaline pHe initiated loss of mitofusin 2 , complex II-IV ( Sdhaf1 , Uqcrq , Cox4i2 and Aldh1l2 ) , aconitase , mitochondrial carrier triple repeat 1 and mt biosynthetic ( Coq2 , Coq5 and Coq9 ) .	
The Warburg effect describes a heightened propensity of tumor cells to produce lactic acid in the presence or absence of O(2) .	
A generally held notion is that the Warburg effect is related to energy .	
The cigarette smoking may act synergistically in the pathogenesis of OSCC in areca quid chewers via the upregulation of MGMT .	62	6
Using whole-genome , proteomic MALDI-TOF-MS and metabolite analysis , we investigated the Warburg effect in malignant neuroblastoma N2a cells .	
The NOTCH signaling pathway plays important role in the development of multicellular organisms , as it regulates cell proliferation , survival , and differentiation .	
In adults , it is essential for the T- or B-lymphocyte lineage commitment .	
NOTCH1 and FBXW7 mutations both lead the activation of the NOTCH1 pathway and are found in the majority of T-ALL patients .	
In this study , the mutation analysis of NOTCH1 and FBXW7 genes was performed in 87 pediatric T-ALLs who were treated on the ALL-BFM protocols .	
In 19 patients ( 22% ) , activating NOTCH1 mutations were observed either in the heterodimerization domain or in the PEST domain and 7 cases ( 10% ) demonstrated FBXW7 mutations ( 2 cases had both NOTCH1 and FBXW7 mutations ) .	63	6
We also analyzed the relationship of the mutation data between the clinical and biological data of the patients .	
NOTCH1 and FBXW7 , NOTCH1 alone were found correlated with lower initial leucocyte counts which was independent from the sex and T- cell immunophenotype .	
However , NOTCH1 and FBXW7 mutations were not predictive of outcome in the overall cohort of pediatric T-ALLs .	63	6
A glycolytic profile unifies a group of pheochromocytomas and paragangliomas ( PHEOs/PGLs ) with distinct underlying gene defects , including von Hippel-Lindau ( VHL ) and succinate dehydrogenase B ( SDHB ) mutations .	
Nevertheless , their tumor aggressiveness is distinct : PHEOs/PGLs metastasize rarely in VHL- , but frequently in SDHB-patients .	
To date , the molecular mechanisms causing the more aggressive phenotype in SDHB-PHEOs/PGLs remain largely unknown .	
Recently , however , an excellent model to study aggressive PHEOs ( mouse tumor tissue ( MTT ) cells ) has been developed from mouse PHEO cells ( MPC ) .	
We employed this model for a proteomics based approach to identify changes characteristic for tumor aggressiveness , which we then explored in a homogeneous set of human SDHB- and VHL-PHEOs/PGLs .	
The increase of glucose transporter 1 in VHL , and of hexokinase 2 in VHL and SDHB , confirmed their glycolytic profile .	31	3
In agreement with the cell model and in support of decoupling of glycolysis , the Krebs cycle and oxidative phosphorylation ( OXPHOS ) , SDHB tumors showed increased lactate dehydrogenase levels .	31	3
In SDHB-PGLs OXPHOS complex activity was increased at complex III and , as expected , decreased at complex II .	
Moreover , protein and mRNA expression of all tested OXPHOS-related genes were higher in SDHB- than in VHL-derived tumors .	
Although there was no direct evidence for increased reactive oxygen species production , elevated superoxide dismutase 2 expression may reflect elevated oxidative stress in SDHB-derived PHEOs/PGLs .	a21	a2	a
EGF also increased proliferative abilities and invasive properties of the HCC cell lines .	11	1
In vivo , 9 ( 12% ) of 78 HCC cases showed positive immunohistochemical staining of CK19 .	
Among the growth factors tested , epidermal growth factor ( EGF ) had prominent effects on inducing CK19 expression in PLC-5 and HepG2 , which was accompanied by the reduced expression of α-fetoprotein in PLC-5 .	9	92
Given that SgII appeared early in vertebrate evolution , SN is an old peptide with emerging implications as a new multifunctional hormone .	
Intracerebroventricular injection of SN increases feeding and locomotory behaviors in goldfish .	
Pharmacologic inhibition of Rho geranylation produced similar inhibition of Rho localization , signaling , and invasion .	11	1
Both SNa and SNb paralogs have been identified in some teleosts , likely arising as a result of the specific genome duplication event in this lineage .	
To clarify this , in vitro experiments were performed using human HCC cell lines ( PLC-5 , HepG2 ) , and the phenotypic changes after stimulation with several growth factors were examined using quantitative reverse transcriptase PCR , western blotting , and immunofluorescence staining .	
In rodent models , SN has regulatory effects on neuroinflammation and neurotransmitter release , and possesses therapeutic potential for the induction of angiogenesis .	
Only one copy of the putative lamprey SgII ( 188 amino acids ) could be identified which gives rise to a divergent agnathan SN that contains the signature YTPQ-X-LA-X(7)-EL sequence typical of the central core of all known SN peptides .	
The clearest example of the endocrine action of SN is the stimulatory effects on pituitary luteinizing hormone release from goldfish pituitary and mouse LβT2 gonadotroph cells , indicative of an important role in reproduction .	
The wide distribution of SN in neuroendocrine neurons and pituitary cells suggests important endocrine roles .	
Microarray analysis of SN effects on dispersed goldfish pituitary cells in vitro reveals novel SN actions that include effects on genes involved in notch signaling and the guanylate cyclase pathway .	
Rho GTPases are signaling molecules known to control cell motility .	
Expression of a constitutively active Rho construct in A375 melanoma cells dramatically stimulated invasion through Matrigel membranes ; however , a constitutively active RhoA mutated so that it cannot be geranylated , failed to stimulate invasion .	11	1
The mechanism of the development of CK19-positive HCC remains to be studied .	
Only 2 of them ( 8% ) had vascular invasion .	
The anti-tumor effect of Sal was further verified in vivo using the hepatoma orthotopic tumor model and the data obtained showed that the size of liver tumors in Sal-treated groups decreased compared to controls .	
Flk-1 expression in peritoneal vasculature of uremic patients is closely correlated with the number of peritoneal microvessels , peritoneal small solute transport rate , and PPE .	71	7	711
Aberrant molecular alterations upon recurrence were detected in 25% ( 13/51). 64% ( 9/14 ) of these were novel and associated with tumor progression .	
The Ca(2+) concentration in HCC cells was examined by flow cytometry and higher Ca(2+) concentrations were observed in Sal treatment groups .	
In B16F10 cells , luteolin up-regulated E-cadherin at least partly via inhibiting the β3 integrin/FAK signal pathway .	
Hypoxia significantly decreased the expression of E-cadherin while increased the expression of N-cadherin in the cells ( indicating the occurrence of EMT-like transformation ) , which was reversed by luteolin ( 5 μmol/L ) .	
Furthermore , the treatment increased the expression of E-cadherin while reduced the expression of vimentin and β3 integrin in the tumor tissues .	
Our findings strongly suggest that Flk-1 may be a crucial determinant of baseline peritoneal transport characteristics .	71	7	711
When the CD81 -/- mutation is placed on different genetic backgrounds , there is a remarkable range in the penetrance of the null allele phenotype , demonstrating that the mutation can be affected by modifier loci .	63	6
This work provides support for the role of CD81 in the regulation of astrocyte and microglial number , perhaps by regulating cell proliferation by a contact inhibition-dependent mechanism .	5	52
These mice have extremely large brains , as much as 30% larger than the brains of wild-type ( +/+ ) littermates .	
The increase in brain weight is accompanied by an increase in the number astrocytes and microglia , whereas the number of neurons and oligodendrocytes in the CD81 -/- animals appears to be normal .	
Glial cells express CD81 , and antibodies directed against this protein suppress the mitotic activity of cultured cells .	
In this study , we examine the effects of the CD81 -/- mutation on the CNS of mature mice .	
CD81 is a member of the tetraspanin family of proteins .	
This group of small membrane proteins is associated with the regulation of cell migration and mitotic activity .	
A key issue in the development of the central nervous system ( CNS ) is understanding the molecular mechanisms regulating cell number .	
The present study examines the role of CD81 ( previously known as TAPA , the target of the antiproliferative antibody ) in the control of brain size and glial cell number .	
These results provide evidence that drugs that stimulate the production of unliganded ERβ may be effective new therapies to prevent breast cancer .	
Our findings demonstrated that unliganded ERβ causes a G2 cell cycle arrest by inactivating CDK1 through the repression of cyclin B1 and stimulation of GADD45A and BTG2 expression .	91	9
The induction of these two genes is caused by ERβ binding directly to these genes and recruiting c-jun and NCOA2 .	
We found that ERβ stimulates GADD45A and BTG2 mRNA levels .	
In mutant spermatocytes , DNA double-strand breaks ( DSBs ) were formed , but localization of RAD51 or BRCA2 to meiotic chromosomes was severely impaired .	612	61	6
In addition , we found that BRIT1 could bind to RAD51/BRCA2 complexes and that , in the absence of BRIT1 , recruitment of RAD51 and BRCA2 to chromatin was reduced while their protein levels were not altered , indicating that BRIT1 is involved in mediating recruitment of RAD51/BRCA2 to the damage site .	
Both BRIT1(-/-) mice and mouse embryonic fibroblasts ( MEFs ) were hypersensitive to gamma-irradiation .	612	61	6
BRIT1(-/-) MEFs and T lymphocytes exhibited severe chromatid breaks and reduced RAD51 foci formation after irradiation .	612	61	6
Notably , BRIT1(-/-) mice were infertile and meiotic homologous recombination was impaired .	62	6
BRIT1-deficient spermatocytes exhibited a failure of chromosomal synapsis , and meiosis was arrested at late zygotene of prophase I accompanied by apoptosis .	
BRIT1 protein ( also known as MCPH1 ) contains 3 BRCT domains which are conserved in BRCA1 , BRCA2 , and other important molecules involved in DNA damage signaling , DNA repair , and tumor suppression .	
BRIT1 mutations or aberrant expression are found in primary microcephaly patients as well as in cancer patients .	
Recent in vitro studies suggest that BRIT1/MCPH1 functions as a novel key regulator in the DNA damage response pathways .	
To investigate its physiological role and dissect the underlying mechanisms , we generated BRIT1(-/-) mice and identified its essential roles in mitotic and meiotic recombination DNA repair and in maintaining genomic stability .	
Recessive mutations in CUBN or AMN cause Imerslund-Gräsbeck Syndrome ( IGS ) , while recessive mutations in GIF cause Intrinsic Factor Deficiency ( IFD ) .	
Real time PCR and flow cytometry analyses suggested that Nigella sativa extracts possess the ability to suppress the proliferation of human breast cancer cells through induction of apoptosis .	8	81
Apoptotic induction in MDA-MB-231 cells was observed in a dose-dependent manner after exposure to Nigella sativa extracts for 48 h .	8	81
Our data showed that Nigella sativa extracts significantly inhibited human breast cancer MDA-MB-231 cell proliferation at doses of 2.5-5 μg/mL ( P<0.05 ) .	9
However , the molecular mechanisms of the anti-cancer properties of Nigella sativa phytochemical extracts have not been completely understood .	
Nigella sativa has been shown to possess anti-carcinogenic activity , inhibiting growth of several cancer cell lines in vitro .	
Health benefits have been linked to additive and synergistic combinations of phytochemicals in fruits and vegetables .	
Breast cancer is the most commonly diagnosed cancer in women in the world and is one of the leading causes of death due to cancer .	
Chemoresistance represents a major obstacle to successful treatment for malignant glioma with temozolomide .	
On the other hand , epithelial cells need to rapidly and transiently acquire a more mesenchymal phenotype , with high levels of cell motility and proliferation , in order to repair epithelia upon injury .	
It is crucial for organ homeostasis that epithelia have effective mechanisms to restrict motility and cell proliferation in order to maintain tissue architecture .	
The Pak1-betaPIX-GIT complex is an effector complex downstream of the small GTPase Rac1 .	
Cross talk between cell-cell and cell-matrix signaling is crucial for regulating these transitions .	
In this study , we provide evidence that this translocation depends on cadherin function .	
We previously showed that translocation of this complex from cell-matrix to cell-cell adhesion sites was required for the establishment of contact inhibition of proliferation .	
Rather , we found that inhibition of the normal function of cadherin or Pak1 leads to defects in focal adhesion turnover and to increased signaling by phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase .	
Cadherins do not recruit the complex by direct interaction .	
We propose that cadherins are involved in regulation of contact inhibition by controlling the function of the Pak1-betaPIX-GIT complex at focal contacts .	5	52
RESULTS The results showed no difference between the two sites regarding the RCC incidence and the patients ' age and gender .	
Significant differences ( p value < 0.0001 ) emerged in terms of : the median size of the tumors at surgery ( 8.5 cm in Varna , SD + 4.04 vs. 4.4 cm in Bari , SD _ 2.02 ) ; T-stage of the tumor ( Varna T T2-30% , T3-22% , T4-15% vs. Bari T1-64% , T2-12% , T3-24% , T4-0% ) ; N-positive disese ( 24% vs. 2% ) ; distant metastases ( 20% vs. 2% ) and presence of necrosis in the renal masses ( 37% vs. 19% ) .	83	8
All these comparative studies were performed in relation to the 2008 EAU guidelines on the current management of RCC .	
Commercially available statistical software was used for the purpose .	
Comparisons were made between some clinical and pathologic parameters with an established prognostic and therapeutic impact .	
The type of surgery perormed at both sites was analyzed as well .	
A retrospective chart review of all patients with RCC diagnosed and treated in the last year was conducted at the two sites .	
MATERIALS AND METHODS In total , 88 patients ( 66 males and 22 females , mean age 58 years , range 24-81 years ) were enrolled in the study .	
OBJECTIVES To evaluate and compare the incidence , TNM staging and the current strate- gy for the surgical treatment of renal cell carcinoma ( RCC ) in two European urologic institutions , situated in Varna , Bulgaria and in Bari , Italy .	
Both clinics have sound experience of RCC surgery , and modern laparoscopic equipment .	
Based on those reports , we hypothesized that mice expressing torsinA(\u0394E) would be more susceptible than control littermates to the effects of oxidative stress and ATP deficits caused by disruption of the mitochondrial respiratory chain in neurons .	
Our results also highlight the importance of evaluating the cellular DNA damage checkpoint and repair pathways in cancer therapies in general .	51	62	5	6	511
Atypical basal cell hyperplasia must be differentiated from ordinary adenocarcinoma of the prostate , prostatic intraepithelial neoplasia , and basaloid carcinoma ( adenoid cystic carcinoma ) of the prostate .	
Both atypical and classical basal cell hyperplasia were frequently infiltrated by lymphocytes such that the cytologic changes could not be attributable to inflammation .	a	a2
We analyzed nine cases of typical basal cell hyperplasia , all of which showed classic features of basal cell hyperplasia with benign cytology .	
Additional findings in these cases were necrotic intraluminal secretions ( two cases ) , immature squamous metaplasia ( two cases ) , peculiar hyaline cytoplasmic globules ( two cases ) , adenosis ( one case ) , markedly atypical nuclei of uncertain nature occurring elsewhere in the specimen ( one case ) , and intraluminal blue mucin ( two cases ) .	
Immunohistochemistry with antibodies against high-molecular-weight cytokeratin ( 34 beta E12 ) was performed in nine of the cases , verifying their basal cell nature .	
Eleven of these 12 cases contained prominent nucleoli mimicking carcinoma ; in the 12th case , nuclei were enlarged , hyperchromatic , and moderately pleomorphic .	
During the past 2 years , we have seen 12 cases ( 11 in consultation ) with atypical features that were confused with adenocarcinoma of the prostate .	
Basal cell hyperplasia classically has been described as having bland cytologic features .	
DKK1 depletion caused a decrease in cell migration and invasiveness , and down-regulation of MMP9 and VEGF-C expression .	11	1
High levels of DKK1 in ICC tissues correlated with elevated MMP9 , VEGF-C , and metastasis of hepatic hilar lymph nodes .	1	12
Loss- and gain-of-function experiments in human bronchial epithelial and lung carcinoma cell lines revealed that Ascl1 , MMP-7 and MGMT are able to protect cells from the tobacco-specific nitrosamine NNK-induced DNA damage and the alkylating agent cisplatin-induced apoptosis .	61	81	8	6
By comparing with A549 cells stably expressing its cognate vector , we demonstrated that IL-10 stimulation triggered the intracellular IFNλ signaling via 10R1/λR1 receptor .	
By using A549 cells expressing 10R1/λR1 , we report that the IFNλR1 chain of IFNλ receptor possesses an intrinsic ability to trigger apoptosis in human lung cancer cells .	
All but one change single amino acids in RpoB or RpoC that lie on or near the path taken by DNA through the enzyme , indicating they may affect the stability of transcription complexes .	
Four mutant enzymes are shown to form unstable open complexes at the lambdacro promoter .	
At least one may also release stalled complexes or limit their formation , as it reduces the need for reactivation of transcription by GreA or GreB , and for transcription-coupled DNA repair of UV damage by Mfd .	62	6
The results shed light on the interplay between DNA replication and transcription and suggest ways in which conflicts between these two vital cellular processes are avoided or resolved .	
The RuvABC and RecBCD proteins promote rescue of stalled or broken DNA replication forks in Escherichia coli .	
Strains lacking these proteins cope poorly with DNA damage and have problems with chromosome segregation and cell division .	
We show how these difficulties are overcome to varying degrees by a sub-class of RNA polymerase mutations selected for their stringent phenotype .	63	6
Thirty-five mutations were sequenced .	63	6
Tumor infiltration by CD8(+) Tcells and regulatory Tcells ( Treg ) is associated with improved and reduced survival , respectively , in many cancer types .	
There is a complex interplay between the immune system and a developing tumor that is manifest in the way that the balance of Tcell subsets in the local tumor environment reflects clinical outcome .	
In this study , peripheral CD8(+) T cells and Treg from 43 patients with malignant mesothelioma or advanced non-small-cell lung cancer scheduled to commence palliative chemotherapy were assessed by flow cytometry and evaluated for association with patient survival .	
However , little is known of the prognostic value of immunological parameters measured in peripheral blood .	
Higher proportions of Treg and proliferating CD8(+) Tcells were both associated with poor survival in univariate analyses ( hazard ratio [ HR ] 3.81 , 95% CI 1.69-8.57 ; p<0.01 and HR 2.86 , 95% CI 1.26-6.50 ; p<0.05 , respectively ) .	2	21
Patients had a higher proportion of peripheral Treg , proliferating CD8(+) Tcells and CD8(+) Tcells with an activated effector phenotype compared with age-matched healthy controls .	
These findings suggest that peripheral CD8(+) T cell proliferation can be a useful prognostic marker in patients with thoracic malignancies planned for palliative chemotherapy .	2	21
CD8(+) Tcell proliferation was independently predictive of reduced survival in multivariate analysis ( HR 2.58 , 95% CI 1.01-6.61 ; p<0.05 ) .	2	21
Binding of erythropoietin ( EPO ) to its receptor ( EPOR ) on erythroid cells induces the activation of numerous signal transduction pathways , including the mitogen-activated protein kinase Jun-N-terminal kinase ( JNK ) .	
In an effort to understand the regulation of EPO-induced proliferation and JNK activation , we have examined the role of potential autocrine factors in the proliferation of the murine erythroleukemia cell line HCD57 .	
We report here that treatment of these cells with EPO induced the expression and secretion of tumor necrosis factor alpha ( TNF-alpha ) .	
EPO-dependent proliferation was reduced by the addition of neutralizing antibodies to TNF-alpha , and exogenously added TNF-alpha induced proliferation of HCD57 cells .	9
EPO also could induce TNF-alpha expression in BAF3 and DA3 myeloid cells ectopically expressing EPOR .	
Addition of TNF-alpha activated JNK in HCD57 cells , and the activity of JNK was partially inhibited by addition of a TNF-alpha neutralizing antibody .	
Primary human and murine erythroid progenitors expressed TNF-alpha in either an EPO-dependent or constitutive manner .	
However , TNF-alpha had an inhibitory effect on both immature primary human and murine cells , suggestive that the proliferative effects of TNF-alpha may be limited to erythroleukemic cells .	
This study suggests a novel role for autocrine TNF-alpha expression in the proliferation of erythroleukemia cells that is distinct from the effect of TNF-alpha in normal erythropoiesis .	
We tried to find a model to explain the relationship between variation in PAH-related DNA adduct levels among people with similar exposures , multiple genetic polymorphisms in genes related to metabolic and repair pathways , and nucleotide excision repair ( NER ) capacity .	
Ultraviolet ( UV ) light induces DNA-damage checkpoints and mutagenesis , which are involved in cancer protection and tumorigenesis , respectively .	
How cells identify DNA lesions and convert them to checkpoint-activating structures is a major question .	
We show that during repair of UV lesions in noncycling cells , Exo1-mediated processing of nucleotide excision repair ( NER ) intermediates competes with repair DNA synthesis .	62	6
Results from the treatment of HMEC with cycloheximide and actinomycin D indicated that the regulation of the IL-1beta gene by RA occurred at the transcriptional level and that the IL-1beta gene is a direct , downstream target gene of RA .	
To evaluate the effects of IL-1beta on cell proliferation , the proliferation of HMEC was measured in the presence of RA or IL-1beta , or both .	
Either RA or IL-1beta could significantly inhibit the proliferation of HMEC .	9
However , the addition of soluble IL-1 receptor antagonist ( sIL-1ra ) to the cell culture medium did not block RA-induced HMEC growth inhibition , whereas sIL-1ra did block the growth inhibition of HMEC by IL-1beta .	
Retinoic acid ( RA ) and its derivatives inhibit the proliferation of normal human mammary epithelial cells ( HMEC ) and some breast carcinoma lines by mechanisms which are not fully understood .	
To identify genes that mediate RA-induced cell growth arrest , an HMEC cDNA library was synthesized and subtractive screening was performed .	
We identified the interleukin-1beta ( IL-1beta ) gene as an RA induced gene in HMEC .	
Northern blot analyses showed that the IL-1beta gene was up-regulated as early as 2 h after RA treatment .	
We provide evidence that this mechanism maybe stimulated by closely opposing UV lesions , represents a strategy to redirect problematic repair intermediates to alternative repair pathways , and may also be extended to physically different DNA damages .	62	6
IL-1beta expression was not observed in the three carcinoma cell lines , MCF-7 , MDA-MB-231 , and MDA-MB-468 , as compared to the HMEC .	
Growth curves of the breast carcinoma cell lines showed strong inhibitory effects of RA and IL-1beta on the growth of the estrogen receptor ( ER ) positive MCF-7 cell line , but only a small effect on the ER negative MDA-MB-231 cells .	9	93
Our work has significant implications for understanding the coordination between repair of DNA lesions and checkpoint pathways to preserve genome stability .	62	6
The efficiency of retroviral gene trapping is not sufficient in part because of a strong preference for retroviral integration near transcription start sites .	
Gene trapping is a method of inserting DNA into the genome at random , generating insertional mutations throughout the genome .	
In this study , we constructed both lentiviral and retroviral gene-trap vectors and analyzed integration sites in mouse embryonic stem ( ES ) cells .	
In contrast , lentiviral vectors strongly favor integration in the entire region of highly active genes , suggesting that lentiviral vectors would improve the efficiency of gene trapping .	
Within intragenic regions , most of the retroviral vector integration sites were found in the 5 ' untranslated region , while the lentiviral vector integrated uniformly throughout transcriptional units .	
The frequency of false-positive gene-trap events was about 12-fold higher for the retroviral vector compared to the lentiviral vector .	
The trapping efficiency of unique genes was significantly higher for the lentiviral vector ( than for the retroviral vector ( Our data demonstrate that the lentiviral vector can trap the active genes more efficiently than the retroviral vector and will facilitate efficient generation of gene-trap libraries not only in ES cells but also in a wide variety of cell lines and primary cells .	
Among the 23 patients for whom follow up was available ( median follow-up : 84 months [ 2-288] ) , there were three local recurrences and three metastatic events .	
The tumors with recurrence and metastasis showed more necrosis , a mitotic count greater than 4/10hpf , and in one case perineural infiltration .	83	8
BACKGROUND Adenoid cystic carcinoma ( ACC ) of the Breast is a rare tumour ( less than 1 % of all breast carcinomas ) .	
The aim of this study was to determine the clinical , histological and immunohistochemical characteristics of these tumours .	
METHODS From the database of the Bergonié Institute of Bordeaux , 30 cases of ACC were identified .	
The clinical and histological features of these carcinomas were characterized .	
An immunohistochemical study was performed with the following antibodies : ER , PR , HER-2-neu , Vimentin , EGFR , P63 , SMA , CK5/6 , CK8/18 , CK14 , cKIT , MIB1 , CD44 and CD24 .	
RESULTS Thirty patients were included ( median age 60.7 years ) .	
The 10 axillary lymph node dissections and two sentinel lymph procedures were negative .	
The architecture was frequently of a mixed type ( 26/30 ) and less often solid ( 4/30 ) .	
Similarly , the salan complexes are cytotoxic toward multi-drug-resistant ( ABCB1-expressing ) mouse lymphoma cell lines HU-1 and HU-2 .	
BACKGROUND Inherited malabsorption of cobalamin ( Cbl ) causes hematological and neurological abnormalities that can be fatal .	
RESULTS AND CONCLUSIONS C9,t11-CLA sensitized HT-29 cells to X-radiation .	
Compared to E-type cells or the parental SW480 cells , isolated R-type cells display decreased doubling time , loss of contact inhibition , less adhesiveness to culture plates , higher anchorage-independent growth in soft agar , and a much more aneuploid karyotype .	5	52
In contrast , R-type cells , which constitute a minor fraction ( < 2% ) of the parental cell line , have a rounded shape and grow in clusters of piled-up cells .	
Cell fusion experiments between R-type and E-type cells revealed that the R-type phenotype is dominant , and the results suggest that this is due to one or a few genetic changes .	
ZD1839 suppressed EGFR phosphorylation in all EGFR-expressing cells ( P <.001 ) .	9	93
In hair follicles , prominent keratin plugs and microorganisms were found in dilated infundibula .	
RESULTS Histopathologically , the stratum corneum of the epidermis was thinner during therapy ( P <.001 ) .	
Effects on receptor signaling ( activated mitogen-activated protein kinase [ MAPK] ) , proliferation , p27(KIP1) , and maturation were also assessed .	
We measured ZD1839 effects on EGFR activation by immunohistochemistry using an antibody specific for the activated ( phosphorylated ) EGFR .	
PATIENTS AND METHODS We studied 104 pre- and/or on-ZD1839 therapy ( approximately at day 28 of therapy ) skin biopsies from 65 patients receiving escalating doses of daily oral ZD1839 .	
We studied the pharmacodynamic effects of ZD1839 on EGFR in the skin , an EGFR-dependent tissue , in cancer patients participating in ZD1839 phase I clinical trials .	
PURPOSE The epidermal growth factor receptor ( EGFR ) tyrosine kinase inhibitor ZD1839 ( Iressa ; AstraZeneca Pharmaceuticals , Alderley Park , United Kingdom ) is under development as an anticancer agent .	
RESULTS The growth rate of B-CPAP cells was unaffected by iodide , but was reduced by high concentreations of molecular iodine ( 100 and 500 microM ) .	
Concomitantly , ZD1839 increased the expression of p27(KIP1) ( P <.001 ) and maturation markers ( P <.001 ) and increased apoptosis ( P <.001 ) .	51	5	511	8	81
In addition , ZD1839 inhibited MAPK activation ( P <.001 ) and reduced keratinocyte proliferation index ( P <.001 ) .	921	92	9
Growth rate was estimated by cell counting in a Coulter Counter adapted for epithelial cells .	
Thereafter , different concentrations of iodide , iodine or delta-iodolactone were added for 24 h .	
Gene expression was analysed by RT-PCR and chromosomal aberrations by the mFISH method .	
The implication of TIMP-3 in N6L-induced inhibition of cell invasion was evidenced by siRNA silencing experiments showing that the loss of TIMP-3 expression abrogated the effect of N6L .	11	1
The inhibition of tumor cell invasion by N6L demonstrated in this study , in addition to its previously established inhibitory effect on tumor growth and angiogenesis , suggests that N6L represents a promising anticancer drug candidate warranting further investigation .	11	1	7	71
Molecular evolutionary analyses of protein-coding regions demonstrate that the rate of nucleotide substitution has increased among both allotetraploid genomes relative to the diploids , and that the ratio of nonsynonymous to synonymous substitutions has increased in one of the two polyploid lineages we sampled .	
From the EST alignments we inferred 259,192 genome-specific single nucleotide polymorphisms ( SNPs ) .	
CONCLUSIONS In this study we characterize the functional and mutational properties of the cotton transcriptome , produce a large genome-specific SNP database , and detect illegitimate genetic exchanges between duplicate genomes sharing a common allotetraploid nucleus .	
We also use these SNPs to show that a surprisingly high percentage of duplicate genes ( show a signature of non-independent evolution in the allotetraploid nucleus , having experienced one or more episodes of nonreciprocal homoeologous recombination ( NRHR ) .	
Diploid A- and D-genome species can be compared to the A- and D-genomes found within these allotetraploids to make evolutionary inferences about polyploidy .	
BACKGROUND Modern allotetraploid cotton contains an " A " and " D " genome from an ancestral polyploidy event that occurred approximately 1-2 million years ago .	
RESULTS We generated a set of cotton expressed sequence tags ( ESTs ) , comprising approximately 4.4 million Sanger and next-generation ( 454 ) transcripts supplemented by approximately 152 million Illumina reads from diploid and allotetraploid cottons .	
In this paper we present a comprehensive EST assembly derived from diploid and model allotetraploid cottons and demonstrate several evolutionary inferences regarding genic evolution that can be drawn from these data .	
EMT could also be induced in cells with defective TGF-beta signalling .	
Functional assays demonstrated reduced or strongly enhanced migration and invasion upon NF-kappaB inhibition or activation , respectively .	11	1
The transcription factor NF-kappaB is constitutively active in pancreatic adenocarcinoma .	
Here we explore the contribution of NF-kappaB to the malignant phenotype of pancreatic cancer cells in addition to its anti-apoptotic role .	
Block of NF-kappaB signalling by non-destructible IkappaBalpha rendered cells resistant to TGF-beta-induced epithelial-mesenchymal transition ( EMT ) .	11	1
In contrast , NF-kappaB activation by TNF-alpha or expression of constitutively active IKK2 induced an EMT-phenotype with up-regulation of vimentin and ZEB1 , and down-regulation of E-cadherin .	
These results suggest another mechanism to develop effective therapeutics based on green tea catechins .	
The strongest HAT inhibitor among them , EGCG ( 50 �M ) , downregulated AR acetylation and finally , AR protein translocation to nucleus from the cytoplasmic compartment was effectively inhibited in the presence of the agonist .	9	93
In this study , we utilized green tea catechins , epicatechin ( EC ) , epigallocatechin ( EGC ) and epigallocatechin-3-gallate ( EGCG ) to examine the regulation of androgen receptor acetylation in androgen-dependent prostate cancer cells by histone acetyl-transferase ( HAT ) activity .	
Manipulating acetylation status of key gene targets is likely to be crucial for effective cancer therapy .	
These results demonstrated a similar tendency to HAT inhibitory activities ; EGCG>EGC>EC .	
EC , EGC and EGCG induced prostate cancer cell death , suppressed agonist-dependent androgen receptor ( AR ) activation and AR-regulated gene transcription .	8	93	9
This work identifies a very specific SDF profile related to the paternal risk of having RPL .	
Blockage of the metastasis process remains a significant clinical challenge , requiring innovative therapeutic approaches .	
To ascertain the effect of Beclin 1 , cells were transfected with Beclin 1 plasmid or shRNA against Beclin 1 .	
For this purpose , molecules that inhibit matrix metalloproteinases activity or induce the expression of their natural inhibitor , the tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinases ( TIMPs ) , are potentially interesting .	
Beclin 1 possesses autophagy-independent antitumoral effects upon exposure of thyroid cancer cells to proteasome inhibitors .	82	8
Motor terminal function was assessed using changes in terminal YFP fluorescence evoked by trains of action potentials ; different components of the pH-dependent YFP signals reflect stimulation-induced Ca2+ entry and vesicular exo/endocytosis .	
Systematic genetic testing of the three genes CUBN , AMN , and GIF was accomplished using a combination of single strand conformation polymorphism and DNA and RNA sequencing .	
In addition , treatment with PI3K inhibitors 3-MA or wortmannin , as well as knockdown of Beclin 1 expression , was unable to affect autophagic responses mediated by proteasome inhibitors .	82	8
The changes in the cytosolic proteome indicated an upregulation of mitochondrial proteins and downregulation of proteins involved in glycolysis .	31	3
Despite the increases in repressive marks of chromatin , 179 loci ( of 2206 total ) were found to be upregulated by global quantitative proteomics .	
This study significantly improves our understanding of stress-induced senescence and provides a potential application for triggering it in antiproliferative strategies that target the primary metabolism in cancer cells .	42	4
These alterations in primary metabolism are opposite to the well-known Warburg effect observed in cancer cells .	31	3
Using a targeted proteomics approach , we show that fibroblasts induced into senescence by expression of oncogenic Ras exhibit a decrease of global acetylation on all core histones , consistent with formation of senescence-associated heterochromatic foci .	42	4
Recently , the nuclear retinoic acid receptor ( RAR ) isotypes α , β and γ were found to play specific functions in the expansion and differentiation of the stem compartments of various tissues .	
These results suggest a new role of this secreted hsc70 chaperone in cell proliferation that might account for the higher tumor growth of cancer cells overexpressing cath D .	
We also detected clear increases in repressive markers ( e.g. >50% elevation of H3K27me2/3 ) along with decreases in histone marks associated with increased transcriptional expression/elongation ( e.g .	
Conversely , removal of this extracellular hsc70 from the medium by either retention on ADP-agarose or competition at the Hsc70 binding site restored cell proliferation .	
Hsc70 appears active in human breast cancer cells and hypersecreted by direct cath D inhibition .	
Prevention of Hsc70 secretion by cath D overexpression was associated with the formation of multilayer cell cultures , thus indicating a loss of contact inhibition .	5	52
In addition , we showed that supplementing the culture medium with purified hsc70 inhibited cell proliferation in the nanomolar range .	
Among intracellular proteins , including other heat shock proteins , only constitutive hsc70 was secreted in response to the high-cell density .	
Moreover , hsc70 secretion from cancer cells was generated by serum deprivation , whereas its cellular concentration did not change .	
Earlier studies indicated that density-arrested cancer cells released an unidentified growth inhibitor whose secretion was prevented by overexpression of the lysosomal protease cathepsin D ( cath D ) .	
In this study , this growth inhibitor was purified by affinity chromatography and identified as the heat shock cognate 70 protein ( hsc70 ) based on its peptide microsequencing and specific antibody recognition .	
In addition , it may be possible to utilize these Apo2L/TRAIL preparations for the treatment of various sun-induced skin cancers as they can differentially trigger apoptosis of transformed keratinocytes , or keratinocytes with abnormal NF-kappaB signaling , while sparing adjacent normal keratinocytes .	8	81
Unraveling the molecular basis for these differential biological effects may reveal a new strategic role for these death receptor/ligands linked to apoptosis in maintaining the dynamic balance of keratinocyte proliferation , differentiation , and cell death necessary to achieve a homeostatic thickness and function of normal skin .	8	81
In the presence of GM-CSF and IL-3 , eosinophil and basophil promyelocytes were detected , as well as a few cells with erythroid and megakaryocytic ( MK ) differentiation features .	
RESULTS Our results indicated that , although Ad-ERβ alone had no effect on the proliferation of HCT-116 cells , the combination of Ad-ERβ with raloxifene significantly inhibited the proliferation of HCT-116 cells .	9	93
Moreover , from an oncological perspective , therapeutic approaches selectively targeting apoptosis of malignant cell types while sparing normal keratinocytes in surrounding skin is desirable .	
Properly regulated keratinocyte cell death is fundamentally important to maintain structural integrity and homeostatic function of epidermis .	
In this report , two different biologically active preparations of Apo2L/TRAIL , a non-tagged version , NT-Apo2L/TRAIL , and a leucine zipper fusion protein , LZ-Apo2L/TRAIL , were examined for their ability to trigger apoptosis in normal human keratinocytes , and in an immortalized cell line ( HaCaT cells ) .	
Apo2Ligand/tumor necrosis factor-related apoptosis-inducing ligand ( Apo2L/TRAIL ) has been observed to preferentially induce cytopathic effects on transformed/malignant cell types compared with their non-neoplastic counterparts .	
Similarities between preparations included : an enhanced ability for both Apo2L/TRAIL preparations to kill a greater relative percentage of HaCaT cells compared with keratinocytes ; enhanced cytotoxicity towards keratinocytes that had their NF-B activity inhibited ; a dependence of both Apo2L/TRAIL preparations on FADD and caspase activation ; triggering of the same caspase cascades including caspase 8 and 3 ; and an ability to induce apoptosis even when HaCaT cells and keratinocytes were transduced to overexpress either Bcl-2 or Bcl-x(L) ( survival factors that reduce susceptibility to UV-light-induced apoptosis ) .	8	81
Differences between these preparations were observed , including : NT-Apo2L/TRAIL induced less keratinocyte apoptosis compared with LZ-Apo2L/TRAIL ; NT-Apo2L/TRAIL also induced less apoptosis of HaCaT cells compared with LZ-Apo2L/TRAIL ; LZ-Apo2L/TRAIL but not NT-Apo2L/TRAIL induced cytotoxic effects when keratinocytes became growth arrested due to undergoing spontaneous replicative senescence--a biological state previously observed to be resistant to UV-light-induced apoptosis .	8	81	42	4
Moreover , the death receptor pathway triggered by LZ-Apo2L/TRAIL can overcome the apoptotic resistance normally observed in response to UV-light mediated by Bcl-2/Bcl-x(L) , as well as by the state of cellular senescence .	8	81	42	4
These results indicate that while both preparations of Apo2L/TRAIL possess biological activity , there are important differences as regards their ability to induce apoptosis in normal and immortalized keratinocytes .	8	81	4	41
For instance , RARγ appears to be involved in stem cell compartment expansion , while RARα and RARβ are implicated in the subsequent cell differentiation .	
To protect the genome , cells have evolved a diverse set of pathways designed to sense , signal , and repair multiple types of DNA damage .	
We investigated the differentiation capacities of this cell line under the action of several growth factors , using immunomarkers , flow cytometry , and ultrastructural techniques .	
No research was reported whether ERβ can be used as therapeutic agent for colon cancer .	
We found that over-expressing c-Myc in normal mouse mammary epithelium and in a c-Myc-driven transgenic model of mammary cancer , disrupts the balance between RARγ and RARα/β in favor of RARγ .	
As a strategy for blocking PDGFR signaling , CT52923 , a potent selective small molecule piperazinyl quinazoline kinase inhibitor of the PDGFR , was identified .	
In model systems using NIH/3T3 cells , CT52923 blocked PDGF autocrine-mediated phosphorylation of PDGFR , Akt , and mitogen-activated protein kinase ( MAPK ) , while having no effect on v-fms or V12-ras-mediated Akt or extracellular signal-regulated protein kinase ( Erk ) phosphorylation .	921	92	9
Therefore , we examined the expression of all PDGF ligands and receptors in 11 glioma cell lines and 5 primary glioblastoma tumor tissues by quantitative reverse transcription-PCR .	
Expression of PDGF/PDGFR pairs that are known to functionally interact were identified in all of the samples .	
Interestingly , PDGF-C expression was ubiquitous in brain tumor cells and tissues but was very low or absent in normal adult and fetal brain .	9	92
PDGF-D was expressed in 10 of 11 brain tumor cell lines and 3 of 5 primary brain tumor samples .	9	92
Glioblastoma multiforme , the most common form of malignant brain tumor,is resistant to all forms of therapy and causes death within 9-12 months of diagnosis .	
Glioblastomas are known to contain numerous genetic and physiological alterations affecting cell survival and proliferation ; one of the most common alterations being platelet-derived growth factor ( PDGF ) autocrine signaling characterized by coexpression of PDGF and its receptor .	
The PDGF family consists of four members , PDGF-A , -B , -C , and -D , that signal through the alpha and beta PDGF receptor ( PDGFR ) tyrosine kinases .	
Numerous studies have demonstrated expression of PDGF-A , PDGF-B , and the PDGFRs in gliomablastomas , but such studies have not been conducted for the newly identified PDGF-C and -D .	
In HB xenografts , both , sorafenib and alternated application of sorafenib and cisplatin significantly reduced tumour growth ( P<0.05 ) .	
Levels of AFP were lower in both treated groups ( P=0.08 ) .	
RESULTS The combination of sorafenib and cisplatin led to a remarkable decrease in cell viability .	
The cisplatin-induced enhanced ERK1/2 activation , but not NOXA expression and the formation of DNA adducts was partly abrogated by sorafenib .	61	611	6
NMRI mice bearing subcutaneous HUH6-derived tumours were treated with sorafenib alone or in combination with cisplatin .	
Tumour progression , viability , apoptosis , and vascularisation were monitored by tumour volume , AFP levels , TUNEL assay , and CD31 immunostaining , respectively .	
METHODS Cell viability after treatment with sorafenib and different cytostatic agents was evaluated in two HB cell lines ( HUH6 and HepT1 ) using MTT assay .	
ERK signalling was investigated by western blot , NOXA expression by rt-PCR , and formation of DNA adducts using immunocytology .	
BACKGROUND Sorafenib has recently been shown to reduce tumour growth in hepatoblastoma ( HB ) xenografts .	
We have previously reported frequent down-regulation of miR-125b in HCC .	
Together these findings demonstrate the potential therapeutic utility of this class of compounds for the treatment of glioblastoma .	
This study of glioblastoma cells and primary tissues is the first to implicate PDGF-C and -D in brain tumor formation and confirms the existence of autocrine signaling by PDGF-A and -B .	
More importantly , treatment with the PDGFR antagonist CT52923 inhibited survival and/or mitogenic pathways in all of the glioblastoma cell lines tested and prevented glioma formation in a nude mouse xenograft model .	
In all of the cases , PDGF autocrine signaling was evident because treatment with 1-10 microM CT52923 inhibited PDGFR autophosphorylation when present at a detectable level and blocked downstream Akt and/or Erk phosphorylation .	921	92	9
The functional significance of PDGF autocrine signaling in these cells was demonstrated by the fact that the CT52923 inhibited soft agar colony formation , and , when given p.o. to nude mice , it effectively reduced tumor formation by 44% ( P < 0.0019 ) after s.c. injection of C6 glioblastoma cells .	
More importantly , p.o. administration of CT52923 to nude mice caused a significant 61% reduction ( P < 0.006 ) in tumor growth of NIH/3T3 cells transformed by PDGF , whereas tumor formation by cells expressing v-fms was unaffected .	
We next characterized PDGF autocrine signaling in five glioblastoma cell lines .	
Patients and their families have been accrued over a period spanning >12\u2009 years .	
The investigation of non-microdissected tumor tissue revealed clonality in 75% ( 38/51 ) .	
Nuclear BrdU labeling was correlated with nuclear release of Kaiso through p120 nuclear translocation , which was associated with activation of RhoA-ROCK signaling , destabilization of microtubules .	
Prolonged p120 siRNA knockdown followed by withdrawal further expanded RPE into more compact monolayers with a normal phenotype and a higher density .	
This new strategy based on selective activation of p120/Kaiso but not Wnt/\u03b2-catenin signaling obviates the need of using single cells and the risk of EMT , and may be deployed to engineer surgical grafts containing RPE and other tissues .	
Contact-inhibition ubiquitously exists in non-transformed cells and explains the poor regenerative capacity of in vivo human retinal pigment epithelial cells ( RPE ) during aging , injury and diseases .	
RPE injury or degeneration may unlock mitotic block mediated by contact inhibition but may also promote epithelial-mesenchymal transition ( EMT ) contributing to retinal blindness .	
Herein , we confirmed that EMT ensued in post-confluent ARPE-19 cells when contact inhibition was disrupted with EGTA followed by addition of EGF and FGF-2 because of activation of canonical Wnt and Smad/ZEB signaling .	11	1	5	52
In contrast , knockdown of p120-catenin ( p120 ) unlocked such mitotic block by activating p120/Kaiso , but not activating canonical Wnt and Smad/ZEB signaling , thus avoiding EMT .	
To explore the role of pan-HER inhibitor in breast cancer , we investigated the antitumor effect and mechanisms of HM781-36B in breast cancer cell lines .	
HM781-36B is an orally administered pan-human epidermal growth factor receptor ( HER ) inhibitor .	
The growth inhibitory effect was assessed using the tetrazolium bromide [ 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazole-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyl-tetrazolium bromide ] assay .	
Six breast cancer cell lines ( BT474 , MDA-MB-453 , SK-BR-3 , T47D , MCF-7 , and MDA-MB-231 ) were tested .	
Interaction of HM781-36B with cytotoxic chemotherapeutic agents was analyzed by combination index using CalcuSyn .	
The cell cycle at various concentrations of HM781-36B was analyzed by flow cytometry , and analysis of downstream molecules was performed by western blot analysis .	
HM781-36B induced G1 arrest and resulted in apoptosis .	91	81	9	8
The HER2-amplified cells ( SK-BR-3 , BT474 , and MDA-MB-453 ) were sensitive to HM781-36B ( IC50=0.001 μmol/l , 0.0012 μmol/l , and 0.0095 μmol/l , respectively ) .	
Here , we study the bioenergetic adaptation to the OXPHOS inhibitor oligomycin in a group of cancer cells .	31	3
Whether cells can maintain cellular ATP homeostasis and survive beyond the transient AMPK activation is not known .	
Under the OXPHOS suppression , AMP-activated protein kinase ( AMPK ) regulates global metabolism adjustments , but its activation has been found to be transient .	
Cancer cells constantly adapt to oxidative phosphorylation ( OXPHOS ) suppression resulting from hypoxia or mitochondria defects .	
After AMPK activation is completed , oligomycin-induced increase of acetyl-CoA carboxylase phosphorylation at Ser(79) is still detected , and cellular ATP is back at preoligomycin treatment levels by sustained elevation of glycolysis .	31	3
In OXPHOS-dependent LKB1 wild type cells , oligomycin induces 5-8% ATP drops and transient AMPK activation during the initial 1-2 h .	
METHOD Primary cells from subcutaneous xenograft tumors produced with malignant astrocytoma U87MG cells were inoculated intracerebrally by stereotaxis into immunosuppressed ( athymic ) Rowett rats .	
We found that oligomycin at 100 ng/ml completely inhibits OXPHOS activity in 1 h and induces various levels of glycolysis gains by 6 h , from which we calculate the bioenergetic organizations of cancer cells .	31	3
In OXPHOS-dependent LKB1-null cells , no AMPK activation by oligomycin is detected , yet cells still show a similar adaptation .	
Cell growth , however , is inhibited without an increase in cell death and alteration in cell cycle distribution .	
In contrast , Oct1 deficiency reduced glycolysis and enhanced oxidative phosphorylation efficiency .	31	3
MFP revealed that c-Myc , KLF4 and Oct1 altered amino acid metabolism with specific patterns .	
We identified isoleucine , α-aminoadipic acid and GABA ( γ-aminoisobutyric acid ) as biomarkers related .	
Our findings establish the impact of Oct1 , KLF4 and c-Myc on cancer bioenergetics and evidence a link between oncosecretomics and cellular bioenergetics profile .	3
We sequenced the deletion breakpoints within the directly oriented paralogous subunits of the flanking LCR clusters , demonstrating non-allelic homologous recombination as a mechanism of formation .	
This genomic region is flanked by large , complex low-copy repeats ( LCRs ) with directly oriented subunits of kb in size that have 97.7% DNA sequence identity .	
Expression of ARHGEF4 ( Rho guanine nucleotide exchange factor 4 ) is restricted to the brain and may regulate the actin cytoskeletal network , cell morphology and migration , and neuronal function .	
The rearranged segment harbors five genes : GPR148 , FAM123C , ARHGEF4 , FAM168B and PLEKHB2 .	
Additionally , a DECIPHER ( http://decipher.sanger.ac.uk ) patient 2311 was found to have the same deletion and presented with aggressive behavior .	
We have identified a rare small ( kb unique sequence ) recurrent deletion in a previously linked attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder ( ADHD ) locus at 2q21.1 in five unrelated families with developmental delay ( DD)/intellectual disability ( ID ) , ADHD , epilepsy and other neurobehavioral abnormalities from 17 035 samples referred for clinical chromosomal microarray analysis .	
We have also identified reciprocal duplications in five unrelated families with autism , developmental delay ( DD ) , seizures and ADHD .	
The deletion was not found in either six control groups consisting of 13 999 healthy individuals or in the DGV database .	
Loss of previously detected alterations was observed in 36% ( 5/14 ) .	
We suggest that small rare recurrent deletion of 2q21.1 is pathogenic for DD/ID , ADHD , epilepsy and other neurobehavioral abnormalities and , because of its small size , low frequency and more severe phenotype might have been missed in other previous genome-wide screening studies using single-nucleotide polymorphism analyses .	
GPR148 encodes a G-protein-coupled receptor protein expressed in the brain and testes .	
The level of VEGF expression was higher in unfavorable histology , using the criteria of Shimada , than in favorable histology .	71	7	711
CONCLUSION The authors suggest that paracrine and autocrine systems are involved in the angiogenesis of neuroblastoma , and the expression of VEGF correlates with the prognosis in neuroblastoma .	71	7	711
Here , we show that SIRT1 , the human Sir2 homolog , is recruited to the promyelocytic leukemia protein ( PML ) nuclear bodies of mammalian cells upon overexpression of either PML or oncogenic Ras ( Ha-rasV12 ) .	
SIRT1 binds and deacetylates p53 , a component of PML nuclear bodies , and it can repress p53-mediated transactivation .	
Moreover , we show that SIRT1 and p53 co-localize in nuclear bodies upon PML upregulation .	
When overexpressed in primary mouse embryo fibroblasts ( MEFs ) , SIRT1 antagonizes PML-induced acetylation of p53 and rescues PML-mediated premature cellular senescence .	42	4
Taken together , our data establish the SIRT1 deacetylase as a novel negative regulator of p53 function capable of modulating cellular senescence .	42	4
BACKGROUND/PURPOSE Although angiogenic factors may play an important role in the biology of neuroblastoma , which frequently spreads hematogenously , the mechanism remains unclear .	
The authors studied tumor progression and invasion from the perspective of angiogenesis and sought to understand the features of this type of tumor .	
METHODS Thirty-one specimens were resected from patients with neuroblastoma and the expression of vascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF ) , and its receptor ( Flk-1 ) was examined using immunohistochemistry .	
The authors looked for correlations among the expressions of VEGF and its receptor with various clinicopathologic factors .	
In addition , they examined the expression and location of VEGF and Flk-1 mRNA in 10 primary neuroblastoma using in situ hybridization .	
RESULTS Both in situ hybridization and immunohistochemistry showed the presence of VEGF expression within the neuroblastoma cells .	71	7	711
We found VEGF mRNA in neuroblastoma cells but not vascular endothelial cells according to in situ hybridization .	71	7	711
Further , Flk-1 mRNA was present both in neuroblastoma cells and vascular endothelial cells .	
However , the reproducible measurement and modelling of charge migration through DNA molecules at the nanometer scale remains a challenging and controversial subject even after more than a decade of intense efforts .	
Electronic properties of DNA are believed to play a crucial role in many phenomena in living organisms , for example the location of DNA lesions by base excision repair ( BER ) glycosylases and the regulation of tumor-suppressor genes such as p53 by detection of oxidative damage .	
Our results have implications for the role of the electronic properties of DNA in cellular processes , and hint at the possibility of prediction , early diagnosis and detection of mutation hotspots .	63	6
Here we show , by analysing 162 disease-related genes from a variety of medical databases with a total of almost 20,000 observed pathogenic mutations , a significant difference in the electronic properties of the population of observed mutations compared to the set of all possible mutations .	63	6
The results indicated that low concentration of DMSO exerts radioprotective effects through the facilitation of DNA double-strand break repair rather than through the suppression of indirect action .	612	62	61	6
Palmitoylation is required for the activities of several cancer-associated proteins , making the palmitoyl acyltransferase ( PAT ) enzymes that catalyze these reactions potential targets for anticancer therapeutics .	
The levels of phosphorylated H2AX and the formation of 53BP1 foci 15 minutes after irradiation , which might reflect initial DNA double-strand breaks , in DMSO-treated CHO cells were similar to those in non-treated cells , suggesting that the radioprotective effects were not attributable to the suppression of general indirect action in the lower concentration of DMSO .	612	61	6
On the other hand , 2 hours after irradiation , the average number of 53BP1 foci , which might reflect residual DNA double-strand breaks , was significantly decreased in DMSO-treated CHO cells compared to non-treated cells .	612	61	6
In the present study , we administered a lower , non-toxic concentration ( 0.5% , i.e. , 64 mM ) of DMSO before irradiation and examined its radioprotective effects .	
Colony formation assay and micronucleus assay showed significant radioprotective effects in CHO , but not in xrs5 , which is defective in the repair function of DNA double-strand breaks .	612	62	61	6
The radioprotective effects of dimethyl sulfoxide ( DMSO ) have been known for many years , and the suppression of hydroxyl ( OH ) radicals induced by ionizing radiation has been thought to be the main cause of this effect .	
However , the DMSO concentration used was very high , and might be toxic , in earlier studies .	
On the contrary , low-dose CP enhanced the production of chronic inflammatory mediators in melanoma lesions associated with increased accumulation of Gr1(+)CD11b(+) myeloid-derived suppressor cells ( MDSCs ) , which exhibit elevated suppressive activity and nitric oxide ( NO ) production as well as inhibition of T-cell proliferation .	a1	a2	a
Moreover , the frequencies of CD8(+) T cells in the tumors and their ability to produce perforin were decreased .	
Improvements in ZF technology and a careful choice of targeted genomic regions may improve the safety profile of SB for future clinical applications .	
Using the ret transgenic murine melanoma model that resembles human melanoma , we detected no beneficial antitumor effects with such treatment , despite a decrease in Tregs .	
We suggest that melanoma therapy with low-dose CP could be efficient only when combined with the neutralization of MDSC immunosuppressive function and chronic inflammatory microenvironment.Journal of Investigative Dermatology advance online publication , 6 December 2012 ; doi:10.1038/jid.2012.444 .	
SFN treatment of Nrf2 WT but not Nrf2 KO mice restored the number of sunburn cells back to their basal level by 8 d after UVB irradiation .	
To study whether the observed CP-induced MDSC expansion and activation also occurs under chronic inflammatory tumor-free conditions , mice exhibiting chronic inflammation were treated with CP .	
Similar to tumor-bearing mice , CP-treated inflamed mice displayed elevated levels of MDSCs with enhanced production of NO , reactive oxygen species , and a suppressed in vivo natural killer ( NK ) cell cytotoxic activity indicating CP effects on the host immune system independent of the tumor .	a1	a21	a2	a
Compared with control cells , cells overexpressing wild-type DHHC20 displayed an increase in palmitoylation activity toward a peptide that mimics the N-terminus of myristoylated and palmitoylated proteins , but had no change in activity toward a peptide that mimics the C-terminus of farnesylated and palmitoylated proteins .	
Previously , we have shown that sulforaphane ( SFN ) inhibited chemically induced skin carcinogenesis via nuclear factor ( erythroid-derived 2)-like 2 ( Nrf2 ) and others have shown that broccoli sprout extracts containing high SFN protected against UV-induced skin carcinogenesis in SKH-1 hairless mice .	
Overexpression of DHHC20 also caused phenotypic changes consistent with cellular transformation , including colony formation in soft agar , decreased contact inhibition of growth , and increased proliferation under low-serum conditions .	5	52
We have identified microRNA-22 ( miR-22 ) and several other miRNA species as 1,25(OH)(2)D(3) targets in human colon cancer cells .	
Quantitative polymerase chain reaction analyses of human tissues demonstrated that DHHC20 is expressed in a tissue-specific manner , and is overexpressed in several types of human tumors , including ovarian , breast and prostate .	
These results indicate that endothelin signalling may , in part , play important roles in cell growth in SCCs through the MAP kinase pathway .	
Furthermore , inhibition of the mitogen-activated protein ( MAP ) kinase pathway by the treatments with ET receptor antagonists and siRNA was also observed .	921	92	9
Similar results were observed when SCCs were treated with specific siRNA for the suppression of ETA or ETB .	
When both cultured cell lines were treated with an ETA selective antagonist ( BQ123 ) or an ETB selective antagonist ( BQ788 ) , inhibition of cell growth was observed .	
A recent study showed that there was no difference between Nrf2 knockout ( Nrf2 KO ) and Nrf2 wild-type ( WT ) BALB/C mice after exposing to high dose of UVB .	
We found that both ETA and ETB endothelin receptors were overexpressed in tumor cells of tongue cancer samples by immunohistochemistry .	9	93
In contrast , there are few reports on endothelin signalling in the proliferation of head and neck cancer .	
Recent studies reported that the endothelin receptors ETA and ETB are highly expressed in lung and skin tumor tissues .	
Endothelin plays important roles in various physiological functions including vascular constriction .	
Our study showed that MD-Fraction directly induced DC maturation via a C-type lectin receptor dectin-1 pathway .	
CPIC inhibited recruitment of androgen-bound AR to the PSA promoter and enhancer sites to a greater extent than bicalutamide .	
CPIC is a new therapeutic inhibitor that targets AR-mediated gene activation with potential to arrest the growth of prostate cancer .	
CPIC treatment also reduced the anchorage-independent growth of LAPC-4 prostate cancer cells .	
CPIC functioned as a pure antagonist by inhibiting the expression of AR-regulated genes in LAPC-4 cells that express wild-type AR and exhibited weak agonist activity in LNCaP cells that express the mutant AR-T877A .	
CPIC treatment did not reduce AR levels or alter its nuclear localization .	
We used chromatin immunoprecipitation to identify the site of action of CPIC .	
The androgen receptor ( AR ) has a critical role in the growth and progression of androgen-dependent and castration-resistant prostate cancers .	
To identify novel inhibitors of AR transactivation that block growth of prostate cancer cells , a luciferase-based high-throughput screen of small molecules was performed in cells stably expressing AR and a prostate-specific antigen ( PSA)-luciferase reporter .	
CPIC ( 1-(3-(2-chlorophenoxy) propyl)-1H-indole-3-carbonitrile ) was identified as a small molecule that blocks AR transactivation to a greater extent than other steroid receptors .	
CPIC inhibited AR-mediated proliferation of androgen-sensitive prostate cancer cell lines , with minimal toxicity in AR-negative cell lines .	
Two polymorphisms ( rs11850328 and rs2268614 ) were associated with the PGF plasma levels in the Cilento sample and these associations were strongly replicated in the Danish sample .	
These results , for the first time , support the hypothesis of the presence of genetic and environmental factors influencing PGF plasma variability .	
These effects were significantly inhibited by the addition of catalase and further suppressed by the combination of catalase and superoxide dismutase .	a21	a2	a
Incubation with hydrogen peroxide alone caused a significant increase in Ang II-forming activity , which was completely suppressed by co-treatment with catalase .	
In particular , organizing the great amount of sequences generated so that mutations , which might possibly be biologically relevant , are easily identified is a difficult task .	
We propose MnSOD as a new molecular player contributing to the Warburg effect .	31	3
The tool allows the user to compare and visualize SNPs from multiple experiments and to easily load SNP data onto the UCSC Genome browser for further detailed information .	
This enables rapid turnover of information and leads to further experimental SNP validation .	
GenomeGems runs on a local Personal Computer ( PC ) and is freely available at http://www.tau.ac.il/ CONCLUSIONS GenomeGems enables researchers to identify potential disease-causing SNPs in an efficient manner .	
As such , via automatic , clear and accessible presentation of processed Deep Sequencing data , our tool aims to facilitate ranking of genomic SNP calling .	
Reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) such as hydrogen peroxide ( H(2)O(2) ) , O(*-)(2) and OH(*) participate in the pathogenesis of ischemia/reperfusion injury , inflammation and atherosclerosis .	
Our previous studies have suggested that increased angiotensin II ( Ang II)-forming chymase may be involved in the development of atherosclerosis .	
However , the regulatory mechanism of chymase expression has not yet been clarified .	
In this study , we tested whether oxidative stress upregulates mouse mast cell proteinase chymase , mouse mast cell proteinase ( MMCP)-5 or MMCP-4 .	
We also examined the expression and activity of these proteins after treatment .	
Cultured mouse mastocytoma cells ( MMC ) displaying chymase-dependent Ang II-forming activity were treated with H(2)O(2) and several aminothiols with or without anti-oxidants .	
The levels of MMCP-5 and MMCP-4 expression were determined by quantitative RT-PCR ; the level of chymase-dependent Ang II-forming activity was measured by high performance liquid chromatography using Ang I as a substrate .	
Treatment of MMC with homocysteine ( 0.1-3 mmol l(-1) ) significantly increased MMCP-5 and MMCP-4 expression , as well as Ang II-forming activity .	
Our data demonstrate the essential role of TS and RR in C-MYC-dependent suppression of senescence in melanoma cells .	42	4
In the current study , we demonstrate that MYC-depleted melanoma cells undergo extensive DNA damage that is caused by the underexpression of thymidylate synthase ( TS ) and ribonucleotide reductase ( RR ) and subsequent depletion of deoxyribonucleoside triphosphate pools .	61	6
The down-regulation of dominant oncogenes , including C-MYC , in tumor cells often leads to the induction of senescence via mechanisms that are not completely identified .	
Reciprocally , overexpression of TS and RR in melanoma cells or addition of deoxyribo-nucleosides to culture media substantially inhibited DNA damage and senescence-associated phenotypes caused by C-MYC depletion .	61	42	4	6
Simultaneous genetic inhibition of TS and RR in melanoma cells induced DNA damage and senescence phenotypes very similar to the ones caused by MYC-depletion .	61	42	4	6
We estimated the risk of glioma ( n = 362 ) , meningioma ( n = 134 ) , and acoustic neuroma ( n = 69 ) in non-Hispanic whites with respect to 36 single nucleotide polymorphisms from 26 genes involved in DNA repair in a hospital-based , case-control study conducted by the National Cancer Institute .	62	6
We observed significantly increased risk of meningioma with the T variant of GLTSCR1 rs1035938 ( OR(CT/TT) = 3.5 ; 95% confidence interval : 1.8-6.9 ; P(trend) .0006 ) , which persisted after controlling for multiple comparisons ( P = .019 ) .	
Although the etiology of primary brain tumors is largely unknown , prior studies suggest that DNA repair polymorphisms may influence risk of glioma .	
Altered DNA repair is also likely to affect the risk of meningioma and acoustic neuroma , but these tumors have not been well studied .	
Risk of acoustic neuroma was increased for the ERCC2 rs1799793 ( P(trend) .03 ) and ERCC5 rs17655 ( P(trend) .05 ) variants and decreased for the PARP1 rs1136410 ( P(trend) .03 ) .	
Decreased glioma risk was observed with the XRCC1 rs1799782 variant ( P(trend) .04 ) .	
Significantly increased meningioma risk was also observed for the minor allele variants of ERCC4 rs1800067 ( P(trend) .01 ) ; MUTYH rs3219466 ( P(trend) .02 ) , and PCNA rs25406 ( P(trend) .03 ) .	
The NBN rs1805794 minor allele variant was associated with decreased meningioma risk ( P(trend) .006 ) .	
Asbestos alone did not induce telomerase activity , and asbestos did not influence telomerase activity in mesothelial cells infected with SV40 .	
We also determined that the SV40 small t-antigen ( tag ) plays an important role in inducing telomerase activity because this activity was undetectable or minimal in mesothelial cells infected and/or transformed by SV40 tag mutants .	
Our results suggest that common DNA repair variants may affect the risk of adult brain tumors , especially meningioma .	62	6
Induction of telomerase activity by SV40 may be related to the very high rate of mesothelial cell immortalization that is characteristically associated with SV40 infection of mesothelial cells .	4	41
In patients with wild-type IDH , median TTP was 8.2 months and median OS was 24 months , compared with 18 months and 44 months , respectively , observed in patients with mutated IDH .	63	6
CONCLUSION An elevation of serum CEA > or = 3.4 ng/ml was found as an independent factor that was significantly associated with pulmonary metastasis whereas tumor stage T4 , nodal stage N2 and presence of lymphovascular invasion ( LVI ) were not independent clinicopathologic features associated with subsequent pulmonary metastases .	1	12
The present study revealed that 50 percent of patients who had more than one of these risk factors would eventually develop pulmonary metastases .	1	12
According to a multivariate analysis , with Cox regression , found an elevation of serum CEA > 3.4 ng/ml which was an independent factor that was significantly associated with pulmonary metastasis ( Hazard ratio ( HR ) , 8.9 ; 95 percent CI , 3.6-22 ; p < 0.01 ) .	1	12
According to an univariate analysis , with log-rank test , identified four factors associated with pulmonary metastasis : Tumor stage T4 , Nodal stage N2 , elevation of serum CEA > 3.4 ng/ml and presence of lymphovascular invasion(LVI) .	1
Chest CT scan has greater sensitivity than chest radiography in detection of pulmonary metastasis and should be considered as an imaging study of choice for intensive chest surveillance for patients who had more than one of these risk factors .	1	12
In addition , no visible metastases or alterations in other organs were observed .	1	12
We conclude that , though immunological parameters were altered by the treatments , immunosuppressor drugs did not condition tumor development .	2	22
Neither IDH1 nor MGMT status showed a statistically significant association with TTP or OS .	
Also , 1 inhibited significantly the number of vessels around VEGF-A-hm LLC cells .	
CsA induced a significant decrease in survival rates both in tumor-bearing and sham animals ( P < 0.01 ) .	
Dex significantly impaired weight increase in both groups of animals .	
CsA induced a significant weight loss in sham animals , not observed in tumor-bearing animals .	
Dex induced thymus weight loss in both groups , whereas CsA induced thymus weight loss only in sham animals .	
Only Dex induced a decrease in lymphocyte number in both groups .	
CsA induced an increase in monocyte number only in sham animals .	
Treatments did not alter LH , FSH , or estradiol , whereas PRL was increased by CsA only in sham rats .	
Neither Dex nor CsA induced any significant variations in tumor volume , nor did they alter tumor histology .	
Because proteins are primary targets of therapeutic drugs , in this study , we have attempted to identify proteomic signatures that demarcate ER-positive and -negative breast cancers .	
Using highly enriched breast tumor cells , replicate analyses from 3 ERα+ and 3 ERα- human breast tumors resulted in the identification of 2,995 unique proteins with ≥2 peptides .	
Identification of the proteins that are associated with estrogen receptor ( ER ) status is a first step towards better understanding of the hormone-dependent nature of breast carcinogenesis .	
Although a number of gene expression analyses have been conducted , protein complement has not been systematically investigated to date .	
This observation , if corroborated by more extensive studies , may help to explain the failure of immune treatments in glioblastoma multiforme .	
These findings , although preliminary , suggest that inflammatory cells within gliomas are inactivated and that glioma cells may increase the expression of immunosuppressive cytokines in response to an increased lymphocyte infiltrate .	a	2	a2	22
Among these , a number of receptor tyrosine kinases and intracellular kinases that are abundantly expressed in ERα+ and ERα- breast cancer tissues were identified .	
Further , label-free quantitative proteome analysis revealed that 236 proteins were differentially expressed in ERα+ and ERα- breast tumors .	
Cellular inflammation , primarily consisting of T cells and macrophages with few or no B cells or natural killer cells , was two- to 15-fold greater outside the tumor than within .	
Expression of cytokines by glioma cells was modest in the two cases with modest inflammatory responses .	
In the four specimens studied here , the tumor cells themselves were also negative for class II major histocompatibility antigens .	
In contrast to leukocytes outside the tumor , which were activated and expressing class II major histocompatibility antigens , leukocytes within the tumor parenchyma or at the tumor's edge were negative for these antigens .	
The more activated the inflammatory cells , the more activated the tumors appeared to be .	
In order to determine the in vivo immune response in glioblastoma , monoclonal and polyclonal antibodies specific for inflammatory leukocytes and immunoregulatory products were utilized to stain tissue from four surgical specimens .	
The tumor cells also expressed interleukin-1 beta , interleukin-6 , transforming growth factor-beta , tumor necrosis factor-alpha , and prostaglandin E. In contrast , in the tumor with the least inflammatory response ( Case 1 ) , the tumor cells did not express any cytokines .	
In the tumor with the largest infiltration ( Case 3 ) , inflammatory cells were stained for interferon-gamma , interleukin-2 , interleukin-1 beta , lymphotoxin , tumor necrosis factor-alpha , and transforming growth factor-beta .	
Activated Ras also induces premature senescence in Cdk4(-/-)Ink4a/Arf(-/-) cells and Cdk4(-/-) cells with DNp53 expression .	42	4
Thus , Cdk4 deficiency causes senescence in a unique Arf/p53-independent manner , which accounts for the loss of transformation potential .	42	4
Cdk4-null cells express high levels of p21(Cip1/Waf1) with increased protein stability .	
Suppression of p21(Cip1/Waf1) by small interfering RNA ( siRNA ) , as well as expression of HPV-E7 oncoprotein , restores immortalization and Ras-mediated transformation in Cdk4(-/-)Ink4a/Arf(-/-) cells and Cdk4(-/-) cells with DNp53 expression .	4	41
A large number of human cancers display alterations in the Ink4a/cyclin D/Cdk4 genetic pathway , suggesting that activation of Cdk4 plays an important role in oncogenesis .	
Here we report that Cdk4-null mouse embryonic fibroblasts are resistant to transformation in response to Ras activation with dominant-negative ( DN ) p53 expression or in the Ink4a/Arf-null background , judged by foci formation , anchorage-independent growth , and tumorigenesis in athymic mice .	
Cdk4-null fibroblasts proliferate at normal rates during early passages .	
Whereas Cdk4(+/+)Ink4a/Arf(-/-) cells are immortal in culture , Cdk4(-/-)Ink4a/Arf(-/-) cells undergo senescence during continuous culture , as do wild-type cells .	42	4
Therefore , Cdk4 is essential for immortalization , and suppression of Cdk4 could be a prospective strategy to recruit cells with inactive Arf/p53 pathway to senescence .	42	4
Thus , our results indicate that autocrine TGF-β signaling is involved in the maintenance and survival of stem-like cell population resulting in the enhanced metastatic ability of the murine breast cancer cells .	1	12
In this study , we have utilized a novel murine cell line NMuMG-ST , which acquired cancer stem cell ( CSC ) phenotypes during spontaneous transformation of the untransformed murine mammary cell line NMuMG , to investigate the role of autocrine TGF-β signaling in regulating their survival , metastatic ability , and the maintenance of cancer stem cell characteristics .	
Transforming growth factor beta ( TGF-β ) signaling has been implicated in driving tumor progression and metastasis by inducing stem cell-like features in some human cancer cell lines .	
The expression of DNRII reduced TGF-β sensitivity of the NMuMG-ST cells in various cell-based assays .	
We have retrovirally transduced a dominant-negative TGF-β type II receptor ( DNRII ) into the NMuMG-ST cell to abrogate autocrine TGF-β signaling .	
These phenotypes were associated with reduced levels of active and phosphorylated AKT and ERK , and Gli1 expression suggesting that these pathways contribute to the growth and survival of this model system .	
The blockade of autocrine TGF-β signaling reduced the ability of the cell to grow anchorage-independently and to resist serum deprivation-induced apoptosis .	8	81
When xenografted in athymic nude mice , the DNRII cells were also found to undergo apoptosis and induced significantly lower lung metastasis burden than the control cells even though they formed similar size of xenograft tumors .	1	12	81	8
More interestingly , the abrogation of autocrine TGF-β signaling also led to the attenuation of several features associated with mammary stem cells including epithelial-mesenchymal transition , mammosphere formation , and expression of stem cell markers .	
Previous studies of the subcellular location of the ABC transporter P-glycoprotein indicated that this protein is expressed in nuclear membranes .	
The breast cancer resistance protein ( BCRP ) , an ATP binding cassette ( ABC ) efflux transporter , plays a role in multiple drug resistance ( MDR ) .	
BCRP expression was observed in the nuclear extracts of 6/7 cell lines .	
This study examines the nuclear distribution of BCRP in seven human-derived glioblastoma ( GBM ) and astrocytoma cell lines .	
Importantly , nuclear BCRP staining was found in a subpopulation of tumour cells in a human brain GBM biopsy .	
Using the GBM LN229 cell line as a model , nuclear BCRP protein was detected by immunoblotting and confocal laser microscopy .	
FTC inhibition of BCRP increased mitoxantrone cytotoxicity with a reduction in the IC₅₀ and this effect was further potentiated in the siRNA-treated cells .	
Mitoxantrone cytotoxicity in the LN229 cell line was determined with and without the BCRP inhibitor fumitremorgin C ( FTC ) and after downregulation of BCRP with small interfering RNA ( siRNA ) .	
Its presence in the nucleus of cancer cells suggests new role for BCRP in MDR .	
In conclusion , BCRP is expressed in the nuclear extracts of select GBM and astrocytoma cell lines and in a human GBM tumour biopsy .	
These findings suggest that repeated exposures to V2O5 containing particles may augment lung carcinogenesis in susceptible individuals through oxidative stress mediated pathways .	a21	a2	a
Further , we identified a positive relationship between tumor promotion and susceptibility to V2O5-induced pulmonary inflammation .	a	a2
CONCLUSIONS In this study we demonstrate that V2O5 , an occupational and environmentally relevant metal oxide , functions as an in vivo lung tumor promoter among different inbred strains of mice .	
CONCLUSIONS HER2 was overexpressed in 12.4% of the present cohort of patients with primary stage T1 UCB .	
There was no significant association between tumour HER2 status and prognosis .	
We show that the effects on cell migration induced by the miR-183 cluster are coupled to the PI3K/AKT/mTOR pathway through differential regulation of AKT1 and AKT2 isoforms .	
Furthermore , we show that rapamycin inhibits cell motility/migration in medulloblastoma cells and phenocopies miR-183 cluster knockdown .	
Due to their rare occurrence , little is known about these extra pressure-induced currents or their genetic origins .	
Additional channel openings are occasionally observed in patches derived from mutants lacking MscS , MscK and MscL .	
These non-specific channels in the cytoplasmic membrane release osmotically-active solutes and ions .	
Mechanosensitive channels sense elevated membrane tension that arises from rapid water influx occurring when cells move from high to low osmolarity environments ( hypoosmotic shock ) .	
Deletion of both proteins severely compromises survival of hypoosmotic shock .	
The two major mechanosensitive channels in Escherichia coli are MscL and MscS .	
Medulloblastomas are the most common malignant brain tumors in children .	
Several large-scale genomic studies have detailed their heterogeneity , defining multiple subtypes with unique molecular profiles and clinical behavior .	
Increased expression of the miR-183 cluster of microRNAs has been noted in several subgroups , including the most clinically aggressive subgroup associated with genetic amplification of MYC .	
To understand the contribution of miR-183 to the pathogenesis of this aggressive subtype of medulloblastoma , we analyzed global gene expression and proteomic changes that occur upon modulation of miRNAs in this cluster individually and as a group in MYC-amplified medulloblastoma cells .	
Knockdown of the full miR-183 cluster results in enrichment of genes associated with apoptosis and dysregulation of the PI3K/AKT/mTOR signaling axis .	
Conversely , there is a relative enrichment of pathways associated with migration , metastasis and epithelial to mesenchymal transition , as well as pathways associated with dysfunction of DNA repair in cells with preserved miR-183 cluster expression .	
Immunocytochemistry and FACS analysis confirm induction of apoptosis upon knockdown of the miR-183 cluster .	
Importantly , cell-based migration and invasion assays verify the positive regulation of cell motility/migration by the miR-183 cluster , which is largely mediated by miR-182 .	
These results implicate RASSF8 as a tumor suppressor gene that is essential for maintaining AJs function in epithelial cells and have a role in epithelial cell migration .	
Accordingly , scratch wound healing studies show increased cellular migration in RASSF8-deficient cells .	
Combined blockade of AKT/mTOR pathway by rAd5-Am diminished cell proliferative activities , and induced cell apoptosis and cycle arrest with the decreased expression of AKT , mTOR and PCNA in proliferative phase HDEC .	91	81	9	8
In conclusion , the activity of AKT/mTOR pathway was increased in proliferative phase HA , while it was decreased in involutive phase .	
Twenty-five cases of human HA tissues were collected .	
The expression of AKT , mTOR and proliferating cell nuclear antigen ( PCNA ) proteins was evaluated using semi-quantitative immunohistochemistry in biopsy samples in different phases of HA .	
Protein kinase B ( AKT)/mammalian target of rapamycin ( mTOR ) signaling pathway plays a crucial role in the tumorigenesis and progression of multiple tumors , and has been shown to be important therapeutic targets for cancer .	
The present study aimed to explore the role and molecular mechanisms of AKT/mTOR pathway in human hemangioma ( HA ) .	
Cell proliferative activities were determined by MTT assay , and cell cycle distribution and apoptosis were analyzed by flow cytometry .	
As a consequence , the expression of AKT , mTOR and PCNA was significantly increased in proliferative phase HA , while that was decreased in involutive phase .	
AKT/mTOR pathway was blocked by recombinant small hairpin RNA adenovirus vector rAd5-AKT+mTOR ( rAd5-Am ) , used for infecting proliferating phase HA-derived endothelial cells ( HDEC ) .	
The expression of AKT , mTOR and PCNA was detected by Real-time PCR and Western blot assays .	
Our results support a role for increased DNA damage in the morbidity of age-related diseases. \u03b3 -H2AX may be a biomarker for human morbidity in age-related diseases .	
In addition , there were trends toward increased \u03b3-H2AX foci in patients with cataracts ( 34% increase , p<0.10 ) and in sleep apnea patients ( 44% , p<0.10 ) .	
Among patients \u226557 y/o , we found a significant ( p = 0.037 ) 36% increase in the number of \u03b3-H2AX foci/cell for patients with hypertension compared to non-hypertensive patients .	
The relationship between the frequency of \u03b3-H2AX foci and age-related pathologies was assessed .	
We found a statistically significant ( p = 0.023 ) 50% increase in foci in PBMCs derived from patients with a known history of vitamin D deficiency .	
The phosphorylated form of histone H2AX ( \u03b3-H2AX ) forms immunohistochemically detectable foci at DNA double strand breaks .	
In peripheral blood mononuclear cells ( PBMCs ) derived from leukapheresis from patients enrolled in the Baltimore Longitudinal Study of Aging , \u03b3-H2AX foci increased in a linear fashion with regards to age , peaking at years .	
Tyrphostin AG1024 , a tyrosine kinase inhibitor of insulin and IGF-1 receptor , was shown to inhibit annexin II secretion along with reduced receptor phosphorylation .	
Activation of a different growth factor receptor , the platelet-derived growth factor receptor , did not produce such results .	9	93
Immunocytochemistry revealed that insulin also induced transport of the membrane-bound form of annexin II to the outside layer of the cell membrane and appeared to promote cell aggregation .	
Inhibitors of a few downstream signaling enzymes including phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase , pp60c-Src , and protein kinase C had no effect on insulin-induced annexin II secretion , suggesting a possible direct link between receptor activation and annexin II secretion .	
However , mechanisms regulating annexin II transport across the cellular membrane are unknown .	
Annexin II is secreted into the extracellular environment , where , via interactions with specific proteases and extracellular matrix proteins , it participates in plasminogen activation , cell adhesion , and tumor metastasis and invasion .	
Stimulation of insulin and IGF-1 receptors by insulin caused a temporary dissociation of annexin II from these receptors , which was accompanied by an increased amount of extracellular annexin II detected in the media of PC12 , NIH-3T3(IR) , and NIH-3T3(IGF-1R) cells but not in that of untransfected NIH-3T3 cells .	9	93	92
In this study , we used coimmunoprecipitation to show that Annexin-II was bound to insulin and insulin-like growth factor-1 ( IGF-1 ) receptors in PC12 cells and NIH-3T3 cells overexpressing insulin ( NIH-3T3(IR) ) or IGF-1 receptor ( NIH-3T3(IGF-1R) ) .	
When cocultured with fibroblasts , HNSCC cells proliferation increased by 15% to 80% ( P < .01 ) .	9
Furthermore , this fibroblast-enhanced tumor cell growth was suppressed by FGFR inhibition .	9	93
These results suggest that the insulin receptor and its signaling pathways may participate in molecular mechanisms mediating annexin II secretion .	9	93
PQIP treatment together with DOX or DOX followed by PQIP significantly inhibited anchorage-independent growth in MCF-7 and LCC6 cells compared to single agent alone .	
In contrast , pre-treatment with PQIP followed by DOX did not enhance the cytotoxicity of DOX in vitro .	
Gpx3-deficient mice exhibited an increased tumor number , though not size , along with a higher degree of dysplasia .	
The type I insulin-like growth factor receptor ( IGF1R ) contributes to cancer cell biology .	
Disruption of IGF1R signaling alone or in combination with cytotoxic agents has emerged as a new therapeutic strategy .	
Our laboratory has shown that sequential treatment with doxorubicin ( DOX ) and anti-IGF1R antibodies significantly enhanced the response to chemotherapy .	
In this study , we examined whether inhibition of the tyrosine kinase activity of this receptor family would also enhance chemotherapy response .	
Cis-3-[3-(4-methyl-piperazin-l-yl)-cyclobutyl]-1-(2-phenyl-quinolin-7-yl)-imidazo[1,5-a]pyrazin-8-ylamine ( PQIP ) inhibited IGF1R and insulin receptor ( InsR ) kinase activity and downstream activation of ERK1/2 and Akt in MCF-7 and LCC6 cancer cells .	
PQIP inhibited both monolayer growth and anchorage-independent growth in a dose-dependent manner .	
PQIP did not induce apoptosis , but rather , PQIP treatment was associated with an increase in autophagy .	82	81	8
We examined whether sequential or combination therapy of PQIP with DOX could enhance growth inhibition .	
Reevaluatio after the fourth cycle , however , disclosed pulmonary infiltrations as well as leukemic infiltration of the central nervous system .	
Here , we report a unique case of a 48-year-old male patient who presented with right flank lump and pain .	
Sarcomatoid renal cell carcinomas of the kidney are rare neoplasms constituting about 1-5% of all renal malignant neoplasms .	
These are aggressive tumors and are commonly associated with conventional ( clear cell ) renal cell carcinomas , but cases associated with chromophobe renal cell carcinomas are sparse .	
Indeed , histologic examination of the nasal mass revealed its polypoid nature .	
Thus , the authors were led to the diagnosis of extranodal extranasal natural killer/T-cell lymphoma , nasal-type , CD56-positive , Ep stein-Barr virus-negative , TCR-negative .	
A fine needle aspiration was performed from the lesion under ultrasound guidance and a cytological diagnosis of pleomorphic sarcoma was made .	
A right-sided radical nephrectomy was carried out and subsequent histopathology revealed a sarcomatoid renal cell carcinoma with wide areas of necrosis coexisting with chromophobe renal cell carcinoma with calcification .	83	8
The glutathione peroxidases , a family of selenocysteine-containing redox enzymes , play pivotal roles in balancing the signaling , immunomodulatory , and deleterious effects of reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) .	
Although the mechanism of high concentration of taxol-induced paraptosis-like cell death has not been clear , this finding might have a potential implication for cancer therapy , especially for apoptosis-resistant cancer .	
Taxol ( Paclitaxel ) is an important natural product for the treatment of solid tumors such as ovarian , breast , non-small-cell lung tumors , and some head and neck carcinomas .	
Different concentrations of taxol trigger distinct effects on cell death forms .	
In present study , cell counting kit ( CCK-8 ) assay , confocal fluorescence microscopy imaging , flow cytometry ( FCM ) and western blotting ( WB ) analysis were used to analyze the characteristics of cell death induced by low ( 35 nM ) and high ( 70 microM ) concentration of taxol respectively in human lung adenocarcinoma ( ASTC-a-1 ) cells .	
Our results showed that low concentration of taxol induced cell death dominantly in apoptotic fashion associated with nuclear fragmentation , protein synthesis , phosphatidylserine ( PS ) externalization , G2/M cell cycle arrest , Bax translocation into mitochondria and caspase-3 activation , whereas high concentration of this drug induced significant cytoplasm vacuolization , mitochondria swelling and paraptosis-like cell death form without protein synthesis that is necessary for paraptosis .	8	81
Cell cycle assay showed that the anti-proliferation effect of IKKε siRNA was mediated by arresting cells in G(0)/G(1) phase , which was caused by down-regulation of cyclin D(1) .	9	51	91	5	511
Moreover , knockdown of IKKε suppressed cell proliferation .	
RESULTS Silencing of IKKε in human breast cancer cells resulted in decrease of focus formation potential and clonogenicity as well as in vitro cell migration/invasion capabilities .	11	1
The biological effects of synthetic siRNAs on human breast cancer cells were investigated by examining the cell proliferation , migration , invasion , focus formation , anchorage-independent growth(via soft agar assay ) , cell cycle arrest , apoptosis ( via annexing binding ) , NF-κB basal level , and NF-κB related gene expressions upon the IKKε silencing .	
METHODS Eight siRNAs targeting different regions of the IKKε mRNA were designed , and the silencing effect was screened by quantitative real time RT-PCR .	
The purpose of this study is to examine the therapeutic potential of IKKε siRNA on human breast cancer cells .	
Overexpressed in over 30% of breast cancers , IKKε has been recently identified as a potential breast cancer oncogene .	
INTRODUCTION IκB Kinase ε ( IKKε ) is a member of the IKK family which plays an important role in the activation of nuclear factor-κB ( NF-κB ) .	
Here , we integrated an unbiased genome-wide RNA interference screen for ccRCC survival regulators with an analysis of recurrently overexpressed genes in ccRCC to identify new therapeutic targets in this disease .	
Clear cell renal cell carcinoma ( ccRCC ) is the most common pathological subtype of kidney cancer .	
MCT4 silencing impaired secretion of lactate generated through glycolysis and induced cell cycle arrest and apoptosis .	8	31	81	3
One of the most potent survival regulators , the monocarboxylate transporter MCT4 ( SLC16A3 ) , impaired ccRCC viability in all eight ccRCC lines tested and was the seventh most overexpressed gene in a meta-analysis of five ccRCC expression datasets .	
Intra-tumoural heterogeneity in the intensity of MCT4 protein expression was observed in primary ccRCCs .	
Silencing MCT4 resulted in intracellular acidosis , and reduction in intracellular ATP production together with partial reversion of the Warburg effect in ccRCC cell lines .	31	3
Significant apoptosis was not observed in breast cancer cells upon the silencing of IKKε .	8	81
Furthermore , we demonstrated that silencing of IKKε inhibited the NF-κB basal activity as well as the Bcl-2 expression .	
We conclude that RNPC1 contributes to tumor resistance to radiotherapy , which likely occurs through a p21-mediated G₀/G₁ accumulation mechanism .	
Therefore , RNPC1 may represent a potential therapeutic target for enhancing tumor sensitivity to radiation .	
Compared with controls , in LTH fetus pulmonary arteries measurements of histone acetylation and global DNA methylation demonstrated reduced levels of global histone 4 acetylation and DNA methylation , accompanied by the loss of the cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor p21 .	
Intrapulmonary arteries were isolated , and fetal PASMC were cultured from both control and LTH fetuses .	
In PASMC of LTH fetuses , HDAC inhibition also decreased PDGF-induced cell migration and ERK1/2 activation and modulated global DNA methylation .	
Treatment of LTH fetal PASMCs with histone deacetylase ( HDAC ) inhibitor trichostatin A decreased their proliferation rate , in part because of altered expression of p21 at both RNA and protein level .	
The mechanisms underlying these conditions remain enigmatic however .	
High-altitude long-term hypoxia ( LTH ) is known to induce pulmonary arterial smooth muscle cell ( PASMC ) proliferation in the fetus , leading to pulmonary arterial remodeling and pulmonary hypertension of the newborn .	
To test this hypothesis , we have analyzed epigenetic alterations in the pulmonary vasculature of fetal lambs exposed to high-altitude LTH [ pregnant ewes were kept at 3,801 m altitude from to 145 days gestation ] or to sea level atmosphere .	
We hypothesized that epigenetic alterations in fetal PASMC induced by high-altitude LTH may play an important role in modulating their proliferation during pulmonary arterial remodeling .	
On the basis of these observations , we propose that epigenetic alterations ( reduced histone acetylation and DNA methylation ) caused by chronic hypoxia leads to fetal PASMC proliferation and vessel remodeling associated with vascular proliferative disease and that this process is regulated by p21 .	
The UVRAG with mutations at putative Akt1-phosphorylation sites were still inhibited by Akt1 , and dominant-negative Akt1 also inhibited UVRAG expression , suggesting that Akt1 down-regulates UVRAG by a kinase activity-independent mechanism .	
An essential component in cell development , homeostasis , repair and resistance to stress , autophagy may result in either cell death or survival .	
Autophagy , or autophagocytosis , is a selective intracellular degradative process involving the cell's own lysosomal apparatus .	
Our results indicate that only guanine residues were chelated with cisplatin to yield bifunctional adducts .	61	611	6
Furthermore , by performing enzymatic digestions with phosphodiesterases , we have located the adducts with respect to the 5 ' end of the octamer .	61	611	6
Among the purified and characterized platinated oligonucleotides , three present a particular interest , since we have shown here that the cis-d(GpG) adduct is precisely situated either at the d(GGC) or at the d(GGT) or at both sites of their sequence .	61	611	6
The use of substrates containing well defined adducts at precise sites , is required to perform a careful analysis of the toxic and mutagenic potential of a lesion .	
As a first step in this direction the octamer 5'-d(CCGGCGGT) , containing the sequence of the codons 12 d(GGC) and 13 d(GGT) of the human H-ras gene , was reacted with the antitumoral drug cis-diamminedichloroplatinum(II) .	
The platinated products have been purified by HPLC .	
A first set of experiments , including enzymatic digestions with nuclease P1 followed by alkaline phosphatase and acid-catalysed hydrolysis , allowed us to determine which bases were engaged in the cis-DDP lesions .	
The targeted region of the cell is sequestered within a membrane structure , the autophagosome , for regulation of the catabolic process .	
Early passage hTERT-transfected HME ( T-HME ) cells continuously decreased the length and density of telomeres even in the presence of telomerase activity , with a significant number of cells staining positive for senescence-associated beta-galactosidase ( SA-beta-gal ) .	42	4
The in vitro immortalization of primary human mammary epithelial ( HME ) cells solely by the exogenous introduction of the catalytic subunit of human telomerase ( hTERT ) has been achieved .	
Eventually , a single copy of the exogenous hTERT gene was observed in the relatively later passage T-HME cells in which telomere length was elongated and stabilized without obvious activation of endogenous hTERT and c-Myc expression .	
Subsequently , with the increase in cell passages , the copy number of the exogenously transfected hTERT gene and the percentage of SA-beta-gal positive cells were found to decrease .	
In addition , the expression of E2F1 and its transcription factor activity were found to be significantly higher in the later passage T-HME cells when compared with the earlier passage T-HME cells .	
In T-HME cells , the expression of two p53 regulated genes p21(WAF) and HDM2 increased ( as in primary senescent HME cells ) , and was found to be further elevated as the function of p53 was activated by treatment with DNA-damaging agents. p16(INK4a) was shown to be significantly higher in the primary senescent HME and the early passage T-HME cells when compared with the primary presenescent HME cells , with a dramatic repression of p16(INK4a) observed in the later passage T-HME cells .	
Together , our results indicate that in vitro immortalization in HME cells may require the activation of the function of telomerase and other genetic alterations such as the spontaneous loss of p16(INK4a) expression .	4	41
YAP/TAZ activity is confined to cells exposed to mechanical stresses , such as stretching , location at edges/curvatures contouring an epithelial sheet , or stiffness of the surrounding extracellular matrix .	
Our findings show that DDC signalling is monitored and modulated through the direct action of DNA-repair factors .	62	6
We conclude that cellular senescence is characterized by futile hyper-mitogenic drive associated with mTOR-dependent mitotic incompetence .	42	4
The aim of this study was to evaluate the protective effect of tumor-derived exosomes in the mice model of lipopolysaccharide ( LPS)-induced inflammation .	
We supposed that the immunosuppressive effect of cancerous exosomes might be helpful in the treatment of diseases characterized by overactivation of the immune system and subsequent tissue injury .	
The composition of cancerous exosomes has been proven to play pivotal roles in the maintenance of the microenvironment that is beneficial for the progression of cancer , such as Fas-ligand-triggered lymphocyte apoptosis .	
Exosomes are small-membrane vesicles secreted by hematopoietic and malignant epithelial cells as well as trophoblasts .	
Together with the alleviation of organ damages evaluated by urine protein , serum AST/ALT , and pathologic analysis , we confirmed the possibility that pretreatment of mice with exosomes , produced by H22 hepatic tumor cells , resulted in protection against LPS-induced tissue damage , which is caused by overactivation of the immune system and inflammation response .	a1	a
In vitro outcomes of MTT and DNA electrophoresis showed the cytotoxicity of exosomes on lymphocytes .	
Pathologic observation of tissue sections , serologic analysis of aspartate aminotransferase/alanine aminotransferase ( AST/ALT ) , and urinary analysis of protein were used to assess the protection effect of exosomes in LPS-induced multiorgan damage .	
Tetrazolium ( MTT ) and DNA electrophoresis were used to measure the cytotoxicity of exosomes on lymphocytes .	
The inhibitory effect of Compound C on cell proliferation and PDGFRβ tyrosine phosphorylation was also demonstrated in various PDGFR-expressing cells , including MRC-5 , BEAS-2B , rat aortic vascular smooth muscle cells , and A172 glioblastoma cells .	
The inhibitory effect of Compound C on PDGFRβ and Akt was also observed in AMPKα(1)/α(2)-knockout mouse embryonic fibroblasts , indicating that its inhibitory effect is independent of the AMPK activity .	
In vitro growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase activity profiling revealed the IC(50) for PDGF receptor-β ( PDGFRβ ) to be 5.07 μM , whereas the IC(50) for the epidermal growth factor receptor and insulin-like growth factor receptor was ≥100 μM .	9	93
This therapeutic strategy will raise an interesting way to search new therapeutics in pairs of diseases with complementarities in etiology and pathology , namely , a strategy of taking advantage of the mutual complementarities between diseases .	
Therefore , the present study examined the molecular mechanism of the antiproliferative effects of Compound C. Although Compound C inhibited serum-induced phosphorylation of Akt and its substrate , glycogen synthase kinase-3β , it did not affect the Akt activity in vitro .	
Compound C-induced growth arrest was associated with a decrease in the cell cycle regulatory proteins , such as proliferating cell nuclear antigen , phosphorylated pRB , cyclin-dependent protein kinases ( Cdk 2 and 4 ) , cyclins ( D and E ) , and the Cdk inhibitors ( p21 , p16 , and p27 ) .	
Recently , it was observed that Compound C , an inhibitor of AMPK , also reduced the cell viability in human diploid fibroblasts ( HDFs ) .	
This implies a switch from autophagy to apoptosis .	
These findings demonstrate that CRA suppresses HER2 expression , which in turn promotes cell cycle arrest and apoptotic cell death of gastric cancer cells , providing a rationale for future clinical trials of CRA in the treatment of HER2-positive gastric cancers .	9	51	511	5	91	93
In addition , CRA combined with adriamycin and 5-fluorouracil enhanced this growth inhibition , but not with docetaxel and paclitaxel .	
CRA inhibited signaling pathways downstream of HER2 , including phospho-proteins such as Akt and Erk .	921	93	9	92
CRA exposure enhanced apoptotic cell death , as confirmed by caspase-3 and poly ( ADP-ribose ) polymerase cleavage activities .	8	81
In this study , CRA dramatically inhibited HER2 expression in a dose- and time-dependent manner , effectively inhibited cell proliferation , and induced G(0)/G(1) arrest through the induction of p27(kip1) and cyclin D(1) down-regulation .	9	51	511	5	91	93
In this study , we explored the pharmacological activities of natural triterpenoid corosolic acid ( CRA ) in HER2 signaling and its role in gastric cancer development and progression .	
However , little is known about HER2 in gastric cancer .	
Overexpression/amplification of human epidermal growth factor receptor ( HER)2/neu ( erbB-2 ) oncogene plays a causal role in carcinogenesis and correlates with a poor clinical prognosis .	
Here , we present a review of the current knowledge of miRNAs in cancer with a special focus on metastamiRs .	
In addition we discuss their potential use as novel specific markers for cancer progression .	
MicroRNAs ( miRNAs ) are small non-coding RNAs of nucleotides that function as negative regulators of gene expression by either inhibiting translation or inducing deadenylation-dependent degradation of target transcripts .	
Notably , deregulation of miRNAs expression is associated with the initiation and progression of human cancers where they act as oncogenes or tumor suppressors contributing to tumorigenesis .	
Abnormal miRNA expression may provide potential diagnostic and prognostic tumor biomarkers and new therapeutic targets in cancer .	
Recently , several miRNAs have been shown to initiate invasion and metastasis by targeting multiple proteins that are major players in these cellular events , thus they have been denominated as metastamiRs .	
PRL receptors were demonstrated on 40-50% of the cells by indirect immunofluorescence using a specific antirat PRL receptor monoclonal antibody .	9	93
Cell surface PRL was colocalized to the same 40-50% of the cells and copatched or cocapped along with the receptors .	9	93
Absence or presence of PRL receptors did not correlate with stage of the cell cycle , as judged by ethidium bromide dual labeling .	91	9
Cell surface PRL was found to be on PRL-containing cells .	
Because PRL has growth factor activities in several tissues , we have asked whether it also has autocrine growth factor activity in pituitary GH3 cells .	
GH3 cells were grown at increasing densities in the presence or absence of antirat PRL ( polyclonal and monoclonal ) or nonspecific antibodies .	
Cell proliferation increased with increasing cell density , as did the concentration of PRL in the medium .	9
Antirat PRL , but not control antibody , markedly inhibited but did not eliminate cell proliferation , and this effect was diminished with increasing PRL concentration in the medium .	9
Our data do not support the inclusion of Hylia in Cettiidae , but do not strongly reject a close relationship with Cettiidae either .	
The genera Scotocerca and Erythrocercus are closely related to Cettiidae , but separated by relatively long internodes .	
However , many relationships among families remain uncertain and are in need of verification .	
Most families themselves are very well supported based on the total data set and also by indels .	
These data have fulfilled four criteria necessary for establishment of a substance as a secreted autocrine growth factor : 1 ) the factor must be secreted ; 2 ) in log growth phase , increased cell proliferation should occur at increased cell densities ; 3 ) the cells must display a receptor for the factor ; and 4 ) there must be a growth response to the factor .	9	92
Thus we have established that PRL is an autocrine growth factor for at least 40-50% of the GH3 cell population .	9	92
BACKGROUND The circumscription of the avian superfamily Sylvioidea is a matter of long ongoing debate .	
While the overall inclusiveness has now been mostly agreed on and 20 families recognised , the phylogenetic relationships among the families are largely unknown .	
The VRSA strain was resistant to oxacillin ( MIC of 128 \u03bcg/ml ) and vancomycin ( MIC of 512 \u03bcg/ml ) .	
Disk diffusion antimicrobial susceptibility tests showed resistance to oxacillin , vancomycin , levofloxacin , ciprofloxacin , trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole , clindamycin , rifampin , and tetracycline .	
BM transplantation revealed that a myeloid-autonomous defect was responsible for MDSC expansion , immunosuppression , and tumorigenesis in these mice .	
These studies suggest that anti-inflammatory PPARγ in myeloid-lineage cells plays a key role in controlling pro-inflammatory cytokine synthesis , MDSC expansion , immunosuppression , and the development of cancer .	a1	a2	a
Therefore , appropriate screening and epidemiological evaluation of VRSA strains can affect future global health care policies .	
Isolates of Staphylococcus aureus were obtained from various clinical samples and were then evaluated with agar screening , disk diffusion , and MIC methods to determine resistance to vancomycin and methicillin .	
Emergence of vancomycin-intermediate Staphylococcus aureus ( VISA ) and vancomycin-resistant S. aureus ( VRSA ) strains has led to global concerns about treatments for staphylococcal infections .	
These strains are currently rare even though there is an upward trend in their reported incidence .	
In this bitransgenic system , overexpression of the dnPPARγ-Flag fusion protein in myeloid-lineage cells abnormally elevated frequencies and total numbers of IL-7Rα(-)Lin(-)c-Kit(+)Sca-1(-) , Lin(-)/Scal(+)/c-Kit(+) , common myeloid , and granulocyte-monocyte progenitor populations in the BM. dnPPARγ overexpression led to up-regulation of IL-1β , IL-6 , and TNFα in the blood plasma .	
Histone H3 methylation at lysine 4 ( K4 ) is associated with euchromatic regions and is thought to be important for the transcriptional activation of genes during differentiation .	
Furthermore , these modifications were induced by co-treatment with a synthetic glucocorticoid hormone dexamethasone and a p44/42 mitogen-activated protein kinase inhibitor PD89059 .	
These effects were accompanied by contact inhibition of cell growth of these cells .	5	52
Both CD4+ and CD8+ T-cell populations were decreased in doxycycline-treated bitransgenic mice .	a1	a
Our results suggest that methylation of histone H3 at K4 and acetylation of histones H3 and H4 are involved in SLC2A5 gene induction associated with intestinal differentiation of Caco-2 cells .	
Myeloid-derived suppressor cells ( MDSCs ) inhibited the proliferation and lymphokine production of wild-type CD4+ T cells in vitro .	a1	9	a
CD4+ T cells from doxycycline-treated bitransgenic mice displayed reduced proliferation and lymphokine release .	
Weidentify the F-actin-capping/severing proteins Cofilin , CapZ , and Gelsolin as essential gatekeepers that limit YAP/TAZ activity in cells experiencing low mechanical stresses , including contact inhibition of proliferation .	5	52
We conclude that although long-term exposure of cancer cells to quercetin may prevent cell proliferation and survival , the interference of quercetin with cell cycle progression diminishes the efficacy of microtubule-targeting drugs to arrest cells at G2/M .	
However , quercetin did not inhibit the microtubule targeting of taxol or nocodazole .	
This antagonism of microtubule-targeting drugs was accompanied by a delay in cell cycle progression and inhibition of the buildup of cyclin-B1 at the microtubule organizing center of treated cells .	91	9
The status of cell adherence to growth matrix was critical in determining the sensitivity of HCT116 cells to quercetin .	
Despite the short-term protection of cells by quercetin , colony formation and clonogenicity of HCT116 cells were still suppressed by quercetin or quercetin-taxol combination .	
In this study , we examined the effects of quercetin on cell cycle , viability , and proliferation of cancer cells , either singly or in combination with the microtubule-targeting drugs taxol and nocodazole .	
Quercetin is a flavonoid with anticancer properties .	
Quercetin also partially restored drug-induced loss in viability of treated cells for up to 72 h .	
Although quercetin induced cell death in a dose-dependent manner , 12.5-50 μM quercetin inhibited the activity of both taxol and nocodazole to induce G2/M arrest in various cell lines .	
These findings show that an important activity of mitogenic signaling pathways is to inactivate the growth-inhibitory Hippo pathway and provide a mechanism for antagonism between contact inhibition and growth factor action .	9	92	5	52
The entire Hippo core complex dissociates in response to EGF signaling in a PI3K-PDK1-dependent manner , leading to inactivation of Lats , dephosphorylation of YAP , and YAP nuclear accumulation and transcriptional activation of its target gene , CTGF .	
A small-molecule inhibitor screen of downstream effector pathways shows that EGF receptor inhibits the Hippo pathway through activation of PI3-kinase ( PI3K ) and phosphoinositide-dependent kinase ( PDK1 ) , but independent of AKT activity .	921	93	9	92
EGF treatment of immortalized mammary cells triggers the rapid translocation of YAP into the nucleus along with YAP dephosphorylation , both of which depend on Lats , the terminal kinase in the Hippo pathway .	
PDK1 associates with the core Hippo pathway-kinase complex through the scaffold protein Salvador .	
The PI3K-PDK1 pathway also mediates YAP nuclear translocation downstream of lysophosphatidic acid and serum as a result of constitutive oncogenic activation of PI3K .	
It mediates contact inhibition of cell growth downstream of cadherin adhesion molecules and other cell surface proteins .	
The Hippo signaling pathway inhibits cell growth and regulates organ size through a kinase cascade that leads to the phosphorylation and nuclear exclusion of the growth-promoting transcriptional coactivator Yes-associated protein ( YAP)/Yorkie .	
We report an important mechanism for this antagonism , inhibition of Hippo pathway signaling by mitogenic growth factors .	9	92
Contact inhibition is often antagonized by mitogenic growth factor signaling .	
M1 macrophages could be elicited by administration of CD40 agonists , thereby restoring editing activity in RAG2(-/-)x γc(-/-) mice .	
This hypothesis has been revisited as tumors appear to undergo waves of gene regulation during progression , some of which rely on functional mitochondria .	
This activity required natural killer ( NK ) cells and interferon γ ( IFN-γ ) , which mediated the induction of M1 macrophages .	
Breast cancer causes death due to distant metastases in which tumor cells produce matrix metalloproteinase ( MMP ) enzymes which facilitate invasion .	
Our results suggest that in the absence of adaptive immunity , NK cell production of IFN-γ induces M1 macrophages , which act as important effectors during cancer immunoediting .	2	21
Although the full process depends on innate and adaptive immunity , it remains unclear whether innate immunity alone is capable of immunoediting .	
Cancer immunoediting is the process whereby immune cells protect against cancer formation by sculpting the immunogenicity of developing tumors .	
Mitochondrial respiratory dysfunction has been proposed to be one of the major causes for such glycolytic shift .	
We found that innate immune cells could manifest cancer immunoediting activity in the absence of adaptive immunity .	2	21
To determine whether the innate immune system can edit tumor cells in the absence of adaptive immunity , we compared the incidence and immunogenicity of 3'methylcholanthrene-induced sarcomas in syngeneic wild-type , RAG2(-/-) , and RAG2(-/-)x γc(-/-) mice .	
The human breast cancer and paracancer tissues mainly expressed PFK-P and PFK-L isoforms , respectively .	
The pydppz complexes 3-5 show an electronic spectral band at nm in DMF .	
The La(III) complexes are diamagnetic , while the Gd(III) complexes are paramagnetic with seven unpaired electrons .	
Lanthanide(III) complexes [ Ln(pyphen)(acac)(2)(NO(3)) ] ( 1 , 2 ) , [ Ln(pydppz)(acac)(2)(NO(3)) ] ( 3 , 4 ) and [ La(pydppz)(anacac)(2)(NO(3)) ] ( 5 ) , where Ln is La(III) ( in 1 , 3 , 5 ) and Gd(III) ( in 2 , 4 ) , pyphen is 6-(2-pyridyl)-1,10-phenanthroline , pydppz is 6-(2-pyridyl)-dipyrido[3,2-a:2',3'-c]phenazine , anacac is anthracenylacetylacetonate and acac is acetylacetonate , were prepared , characterized and their DNA photocleavage activity and photocytotoxicity studied .	
The crystal structure of complex 2 displays a GdO(6)N(3) coordination .	
Complexes 3-5 efficiently cleave supercoiled DNA to its nicked circular form in UV-A light of 365 nm via formation of singlet oxygen ( (1)O(2) ) and hydroxyl radical ( HO˙ ) species .	
Complexes 3-5 also exhibit significant photocytotoxic effect in HeLa cancer cells giving respective IC(50) value of 0.16(�0.01) , 0.15(�0.01) and 0.26�(0.02) μM in UV-A light of 365 nm , while they are less toxic in dark with an IC(50) value of >3 μM .	
The molar conductivity data suggest 1 : 1 electrolytic nature of the complexes in aqueous DMF .	
They are avid binders to calf thymus DNA giving K(b) in the range of 5.4 � 10(4)-1.2 � 10(6) M(-1) .	
The presence of an additional pyridyl group makes the pydppz complexes more photocytotoxic than their dppz analogues .	
FACS analysis of the HeLa cells treated with complex 4 shows apoptosis as the major pathway of cell death .	
In response to genotoxic stress , a transient arrest in cell-cycle progression enforced by the DNA-damage checkpoint ( DDC ) signalling pathway positively contributes to genome maintenance .	
BACKGROUND Aerobic glycolysis , namely the Warburg effect , is the main hallmark of cancer cells .	
The mechanisms of formation of sister chromatid exchanges ( SCEs ) and chromosome aberrations following inhibition of poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase by 3-aminobenzamide were studied in Chinese hamster ovary cell lines deficient in different repair pathways .	
The results confirm earlier findings that ( a ) the ' spontaneous ' SCEs are formed due to the incorporated BrdU in the DNA , ( b ) ' spontaneous ' and induced SCEs originate from different mechanisms , and ( c ) SCEs and chromatid exchanges are formed by different pathways .	61	6
BACKGROUND Human T-cell leukemia virus type I ( HTLV-I ) has efficiently adapted to its host and establishes a persistent infection characterized by low levels of viral gene expression and slow proliferation of HTLV-I infected cells over decades .	
Our results demonstrated that the Punica granatum L. var. spinosa extract dose dependently suppressed the proliferation of PC3 cells ( IC(50)= 250.21 μg/mL ) when compared with a chemotherapeutic anticancer drug ( Toxol ) ( Vesper Pharmaceuticals ) with increased nucleosome production from apoptotic cells .	8	81
At high ATP concentration ( 5 mM ) , WT PSCs , but not the KO PSCs died .	
Proliferation of both WT and KO cells was stimulated with ATP in a concentration-dependent manner with a maximum effect at 100 µM .	
The Punica granatum L. var. spinosa extract attenuated the human prostate cell proliferation in vitro possibly by inducing apoptosis .	8	81
In culture , the proliferation rate of the KO PSCs was significantly lower .	
The P2X7 receptor protein and mRNA of all known isoforms were expressed in WT PSCs , while KO PSCs only expressed truncated versions of the receptor .	9	93
Exogenous ATP had a two-sided effect .	
Inclusion of apyrase reduced the proliferation rate in both WT and KO PSCs , indicating importance of endogenous ATP .	
PSCs surround ATP releasing exocrine cells , but little is known about purinergic receptors and their function in PSCs .	
The pancreatic stellate cells ( PSCs ) have complex roles in pancreas , including tissue repair and fibrosis .	
The number of PSCs isolated from wild type ( WT ) mice was 50% higher than those from the Pfizer P2X7 receptor knock out ( KO ) mice .	
Our aim was to resolve whether PSCs express the multifunctional P2X7 receptor and elucidate how it regulates PSC viability .	
Dye exclusion analysis was performed for viability rate .	
This study was determined to test the possible cytotoxic activity and induction of apoptosis on human prostate cell lines .	
The effect of ethanol extracts of the herbs on the inhibition of cell proliferation was assessed by MTT colorimetric assay .	
We further investigated the effect of the combination treatment on the apoptotic process by both oligoarray and protein array analysis in DU-145 cells , in which the drug combination shows much more strong synergistic effects , as compared to PC-3 cells .	
We report that all-trans retinoic acid ( ATRA ) in combination with zoledronic acid has strong synergistic cytotoxic and apoptotic effects against human hormone- and drug-refractory prostate cancer cells , PC-3 and DU-145 , in a time- and dose-dependent manner .	
We demonstrated that the combination of ATRA and zoledronic acid is a strong inducer of apoptotic related cell death in human androgen-and drug refractory prostate cancer cells DU-145 , at either transcriptional or translational levels .	8	81
Moreover , we have also performed real time-PCR array analysis to validate oligoarray results .	
Because this novel combination treatment has fewer side effects than is generally the case with conventional cytotoxic agents , this regimen may be a good option for treatment of elderly prostate cancer patients .	
While expression of proapoptotic genes such as tumor necrosis factor receptor superfamily ( TNFRSF ) , Bad , Bax , Fas , FADD are induced with the exposure of the combination , expression of antiapoptotic genes or proteins such as members of inhibitor apoptosis family ( IAPs ) , MCL-1 , LTBR , p53 and bcl-2 are reduced .	8	81
This malignant progression was due to activation of EMT-related regulators ; altered energy metabolism resulted from deregulation of the p53/TIGAR and SCO2 pathways .	
This phenotypic change was completely reversed by p53 reactivation via treatment with proteasome inhibitor MG132 or co-knockdown of E3 ligase HDM2 and partially suppressed by ATP treatment .	
This study directly links the Warburg effect to tumor malignancy via induction of the EMT phenotype .	11	31	1	3
EZH2 was over-expressed in NPC cells , and the expression in undifferentiated-derived NPC cells ( CNE-1 , C666-1 ) was more significant than differentiated-derived NPC cells ( HK-1 , CNE-2 ) .	
To investigate whether altered energy metabolism induces the Warburg effect and results in tumor malignancy , the respiratory enzyme citrate synthase ( CS ) was examined , silenced , and the effects analyzed .	
In human cervical carcinoma cells , RNAi-mediated CS knockdown induced morphological changes characteristic of the epithelial-mesenchymal transition ( EMT ) .	11	1
This switch accelerated cancer cell metastasis and proliferation in in vitro assays and in vivo tumor xenograft models .	1	12
Notably , CS knockdown cells exhibited severe defects in respiratory activity and marked decreases in ATP production , but great increases in glycolytic metabolism .	31	3
However , the relationship between them has not been studied to date .	
We hypothesized that Flt-1 and Flk-1 expression in the peritoneal vasculature of uremic patients could be closely related to baseline peritoneal transport status .	
BACKGROUND Peritoneal transport status is important not only for prescription , but also as a prognostic index .	
Flt-1 and Flk-1 , the major vascular endothelial growth factor receptors involved in angiogenesis and hyperpermeability , may play a potent role in determining peritoneal transport characteristics .	
Parietal peritoneal biopsies were obtained during implantation of peritoneal dialytic catheters .	
Flt-1 and Flk-1 were semi-quantitatively evaluated by immunohistochemical staining .	
METHODS Thirty-six new patients without a previous history of peritonitis were enrolled .	
Clinical parameters such as age , sex , height , weight , causes of renal failure , and residual renal function were assessed .	
Peritoneal microvascular density ( MVD ) was counted .	
Within 6 weeks after commencing peritoneal dialysis , a standard peritoneal equilibration test was performed , and the dialysate-to-plasma concentration ratio for creatinine at 4 h ( D4/P Cr ) was determined .	
( 3 ) ZVAD inhibited apoptosis and autophagy in both cells , 3MA inhibit apoptosis in SKOV3 , and promote apoptosis in SKVCR , together with inhibition of autophagy .	82	81	8
( 2 ) The ionizing radiation ( IR)- induced apoptosis and autophagy were significant in both cells ( P<0.05 ) ; inhibition of apoptosis with ZVAD showed no impact on survival of SKOV3 and SKVCR cells after radiation , while inhibition of autophagy significantly decreased viability in SKVCR cells , for SKVO3 cells only low level of radiation ( 2 Gy and 4 Gy ) could decrease the viability(P<0.05) .	82	81	8
RESULTS Biopsies were taken during endoscopy from BE , EAC , and normal control tissue , and proteomic microscopy was performed on 32 different epitopes .	
RESULTS : ( 1 ) The radiosensitivity exhibited differently in SKOV3 and SKVCR cells ( SKOV3 : D0=3.37 , SKVCR : D0= 4.18 ) ; compared with SKOV3 the constitutive expression of MAPLC3 in SKVCR was higher , but no change of Caspase-3 and cleaved Caspase-3 .	
Quantitative real-time PCR was used to detect mRNA level and Western blot was used to detect protein expression , monodansylcadaverine ( MDC ) staining and flow cytometery were used for autophagy , apoptosis and cell cycle dynamics , respectively .	
In this study Human ovarian carcinoma cell line SKOV3 and multidrug-resistant phenotype SKVCR cells were used and the roles of autophagy in radiation-induced cell death were analyzed.Methods and materialsCell viability was examined by colony formation and cell counting kit-8 ( CCK-8 ) assay , 3MA and ZVAD were used to block autophagy and apoptosis , respectively .	
Of these 714 patients , 424 ( 31.2% ) presented with 1 field involvement , 255 ( 18.7% ) with 2 fields , and 35 ( 2.6% ) with 3 fields involvement .	
Logistic regression analysis revealed tumor length ( P<.001 ) , tumor invasion ( P<.001 ) , tumor differentiation ( P=.003 ) , and lymphovascular invasion ( P<.001 ) were risk factors for lymph node metastasis .	1
Paratracheal nodes were the most frequent metastasis nodes ( 15.9% ) .	1	12
The frequency of lymph node metastasis was 9.8% in the neck , 18.0% in the upper mediastinum , 18.9% in the middle mediastinum , 11.8% in the lower mediastinum , and 28.4% in the abdomen .	1	12
RESULTS Of the 1361 patients , 714 ( 52.5% ) were found to have lymph node metastasis .	1	12
The frequency of lymph node metastasis increased as the tumor invasion increased .	1	12
METHODS The data from 1361 patients with thoracic esophageal squamous cell carcinoma who underwent curative R0 esophagectomy were retrospectively examined .	
Logistic regression analysis was used to identify the factors associated with lymph node metastasis .	
OBJECTIVES Lymph node metastasis is among the most important prognostic factors for patients with esophageal squamous cell carcinoma after curative esophagectomy ; however , the extent of lymphadenectomy is still controversial .	
The objective of the present study was to determine the frequency of lymphatic metastases and to study the pattern of lymph node metastasis in a large study population .	
However , it is not known , which influence IFN-γ has on tumors with an established stroma .	
To address this question , the plasmacytoma cell line J558L was transduced with a vector allowing doxycycline-inducible IFN-γ gene expression .	
It has been shown that injecting a suspension of IFN-γ-secreting tumor cells results in their rejection .	
This effect has been attributed to IFN-γ preventing tumor stroma formation but not to a direct effect on the cancer cells .	
Induction of IFN-γ 2-3 weeks after tumor cell inoculation was less efficient ( 0-17% rejection ) .	
IFN-γ induction in established tumors led to a reduction of CD146(+) endothelial cells and massive necrosis .	83	8
After the injection of the tumor cells into mice , IFN-γ was induced at different time points .	
Tumors did not grow when inducing IFN-γ immediately after tumor cell inoculation , while approximately half of the tumors were rejected when IFN-γ was induced in early established tumors within 2 weeks .	
Together , we show that vascularized tumors can be rejected by local IFN-γ expression , but that rejection of established tumors was less efficient over time .	7	71
This suggests that transplanted tumors became less susceptible to local IFN-γ treatment the better they are established .	
IL-15 increased both circulating IFN-gamma , as well as the percentage of NK cells that produced IFN-gamma .	
Finally , IL-15 increased survival in both cecal ligation and puncture and P. aeruginosa pneumonia .	
In conclusion , IL-15 prevents two immunopathologic hallmarks of sepsis , namely , apoptosis and immunosuppression , and improves survival in two different models of sepsis .	2	81	22	8
IL-15 represents a potentially novel therapy of this highly lethal disorder .	
This study demonstrated that OL may induce anti-metastatic effects on human breast cancer cells .	1	12
Our structure also differs in intraconjugate conformation from other structurally characterized conjugates .	
Despite these differences , we find that the backside interaction mode is conserved in different conjugate oligomers and is independent of intraconjugate relative E2-Ub orientations .	
We present a new 2.35 Å crystal structure of an oligomeric UbcH5c conjugate .	
The conjugate forms a staggered linear oligomer that differs substantially from the " infinite spiral " helical arrangement of the only previously reported structure of an oligomeric conjugate .	
In addition , select E2 conjugates oligomerize through a noncovalent " backside " interaction between Ub and E2 components of different conjugates .	
Additional studies are needed to bridge the gap between the dynamic monomeric conjugates , E2 oligomers , and the mechanisms of ubiquitination .	
The E2 conjugate interacts with a ubiquitin ligase ( E3 ) to transfer Ub to a lysine residue on a target protein .	
The flexibly linked E2 conjugates have been shown to form a range of structures in solution .	
Post-translational modification of proteins by ubiquitin ( Ub ) regulates a host of cellular processes , including protein quality control , DNA repair , endocytosis , and cellular signaling .	
In the ubiquitination cascade , a thioester-linked conjugate between the C-terminus of Ub and the active site cysteine of a ubiquitin-conjugating enzyme ( E2 ) is formed .	
It inhibited some metastatic properties of A431 cells supressing colony formation by soft agar assay and inhibition of MMP 9 activity by gelatin zymography and western blot analysis .	1	12
However , in vitro , autoprocessing is incomplete ( fettering the biophysical characterization of hASRGL1 .	
Replicating basal cells ( Ki67+ ) were reduced 3 days post IR followed by increased proliferation and recovery of epidermal cellularity after 28 days .	
PKI 166 inhibited growth factor induced phosphorylation of EGFR , Akt , MAPK , JNK and colony formation in A431 cells .	921	93	9	92
In a " blinded " study of 21 patients receiving combination cisplatin/carboplatin drug therapy , there was a direct relationship between DNA damage in leukocytes and disease response ( summary two-sided p = 0.00011 ) .	61	6
The cohort of patients had 15 different tumor types , suggesting that blood tissue and tumor tissue of an individual may process platinum-DNA damage similarly regardless of the tissue of origin of the tumor .	61	6
In leukocytes in vivo , persistence and accumulation were prominent features of the cisplatin-DNA adduct profile .	61	611	6
Arylamine-modified dG lesions were studied in two fully paired 11-mer duplexes with a -G*CN- sequence context , in which G* is a C8-substituted dG adduct derived from fluorinated analogs of 4-aminobiphenyl ( FABP ) , 2-aminofluorene ( FAF ) or 2-acetylaminofluorene ( FAAF ) , and N is either dA or dT .	
Functional DNA repair capacity has been studied in eight human leukocyte cell lines in vitro ( three , T-cells ; three , B-cells ; one , monocytic ; one , promyelocytic ) , using a host cell reactivation assay with cisplatin-damaged pRSVcat .	
Tumor location ( P<.001 ) , tumor invasion ( P=.003 ) , lymphovascular invasion ( P=.004 ) , and paratracheal lymph node involvement ( P=.002 ) were identified as risk factors for cervical lymph node metastasis .	1
CONCLUSIONS Metastases were more frequent in the abdomen than in the neck .	1	12
Total mediastinal and upper abdominal lymphadenectomy should be carefully conducted .	
Certain factors , such as tumor location , depth of tumor invasion , lymphovascular invasion , and paratracheal lymph node involvement , might be helpful in determining the need to perform cervical lymphadenectomy in individual patients .	
We have extended our studies on the relationship between cisplatin/carboplatin-induced DNA damage in readily accessible tissue(s) and clinical response to therapy .	
Consequently , an imbalance of Bax/Bcl-2 ratio triggered caspase cascade and subsequent cleavage of PARP , thereby shifting the balance in favour of apoptosis .	8	81
Such an approach may assist in the study of cancer drug resistance and in establishing parameters for assessing human populations for sensitivity to DNA damaging agents in the environment .	
Unchanged expression was found in SSTR2 on the SKOV3/DDP cell in vitro after OCT treatment , but increased expression in vivo ( p < 0.05 ) .	
At the concentration of 2.5-20 g/ml , OCT significantly reduced IC50 ( p < 0.05 ) and promoted apoptosis ( p < 0.05 ) of SKOV3-DDP cells ' response to cisplatin .	8	81
Hence , these findings suggest that nitrones confer protection to the endothelial cells against oxidative stress by modulating phase II antioxidant enzymes and subsequently inhibiting mitochondria-dependent apoptotic cascade .	
OCT increased GST-pi expression ( p < 0.05 ) and reduced MRP2 and EGFR expression ( p < 0.05 ) in a dose-dependent manner .	9	93
The recognition of the periodicity of biological processes makes the optimal dosing of certain drugs feasible .	
Platinum-DNA adduct levels were measured by atomic absorbance spectrometry .	
Real-time PCR was used to detect the mRNA expression of SSTR2 , MDR1 , MRP2 , GST-pi and EGFR in SKOV3/DDP cells following the different treatment .	
The more detailed discovery of the interaction of the clock system might further improve treatment and prevention of many disorders .	
DNA repair capacity was assessed in human T-lymphocytes by the ability to repair cisplatin lesions in cellular DNA or in transfected plasmid DNA .	
CONCLUSIONS : The functional consequence of the interplay between c-Myc oncogene expression and the RARγ to RARα/β balance suggests that prevalence of RARγ over-RARα/β expression levels in breast cancer accompanied by c-Myc amplification or over-expression in breast cancer should be predictive of response to treatment with RARα-isotype-specific agonists and warrant monitoring during clinical trials.See related editorial by Garattini et al http://breast-cancer-research.com/content/14/5/111 .	
It is suggested that OCT could inhibit ovarian cancer proliferation and promote apoptosis , via the cell surface SSTR2 , and reverse cisplatin resistance through inhibition of MRP2 , EGFR , and even GST-pi expressions .	9	81	8
In vitro experiments indicated that the rise in RARγ was functionally linked to promotion of tumor growth and inhibition of differentiation .	
Thus , activation of the RARα pathway is linked to tumor growth inhibition , differentiation and cell death .	
Tannic acid ( TA ) is reported to be effective against various types of chemically induced toxicity and also carcinogenesis .	
Cleavage and formation of the active site releases the torsional restriction on Thr168 , which is facilitated by a small conserved Gly-rich loop near the active site that allows the conformational changes necessary for activation .	
In the present study , we evaluated the chemopreventive efficacy of TA against DMH induced colon toxicity in a rat model .	
In the three T cell lines studied , host cell reactivation efficiency was directly related to the cells ' abilities to repair cisplatin-damaged cellular DNA ( correlation coefficient = 0.993).(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS )	61	62	6
Colon cancer is the third most common malignant neoplasm in the world and it remains an important cause of death , especially in western countries .	
We circumvented this obstacle by constructing a circularly permuted hASRGL1 that uncoupled the autoprocessing reaction , allowing us to kinetically and structurally characterize this enzyme and the precursor-like hASRGL1-Thr168Ala variant .	
Finally , the association among active TGFβ/Smad signaling , p21 and p/CAF with lymph node metastasis was examined by immunohistochemistry in tissue microarray containing 50 invasive ductal breast tumors , 25 of which are lymph node positive .	
RESULTS : We found p21 expression to correlate with poor overall and distant metastasis free survival in breast cancer patients .	1	12
The toxic environmental pollutant , 1 , 2-dimethylhydrazine ( DMH ) , is also a colon-specific carcinogen .	
ABSTRACT : INTRODUCTION : Tumor cell migration and invasion are critical initiation steps in the process of breast cancer metastasis , the primary cause of breast cancer morbidity and death .	
Here we investigated the role of p21Cip1 ( p21 ) , a member of the core cell cycle machinery , in transforming growth factor-beta ( TGFβ)-mediated breast cancer cell migration and invasion .	
METHODS : A mammary fat pad xenograft mouse model was used to assess the mammary tumor growth and local invasion .	
The triple negative human breast cancer cell lines MDA-MB231 and its sub-progenies SCP2 and SCP25 , SUM159PT , SUM149PT , SUM229PE and SUM1315MO2 were treated with 5 ng/ml TGFβ and the protein expression levels were measured by Western blot .	
Cell migration and invasion were examined using the scratch/wound healing and Transwell assay .	
TGFβ transcriptional activity was measured by a TGFβ/Smad reporter construct ( CAGA12-luc ) using luciferase assay. q-PCR was used for assessing TGFβ downstream target genes .	
The interactions among p21 , p/CAF and Smad3 were performed by co-immunoprecipitation .	
In addition , Smad3 on DNA binding ability was measured by DNA immunoprecipitation using biotinylated Smad binding element DNA probes .	
Geranylation was also found to be necessary for full downstream activation of serum response factor mediated transcription .	
Moreover , expression of epitope or GFP tagged modifications of this nongeranylatable constitutively active Rho demonstrated that geranylation is necessary for correct cellular localization of Rho .	
Our results suggest that inhibition of Rho geranylation may be an attractive pharmacologic target for inhibiting melanoma metastasis .	1	12
The induction of CK19 expression after EGF stimulation was accompanied by the phosphorylation of c-Jun-N-terminal kinase ( JNK)/stress-activated protein kinase , which was blocked by the addition of JNK inhibitors .	921	92	9
Several recent studies have suggested a role for Rho proteins in mediating tumor metastasis independent of their affects on cell proliferation .	
In vivo experiments using human HCC specimens obtained from a total of 78 patients and clinicopathological analysis were also performed .	
Cytokeratin ( CK ) 19-positive hepatocellular carcinoma ( HCC ) has been reported to have a poor prognosis .	
As Rho proteins require post-translational modification with a geranlygeranyl moiety for full activity , we tested the affect of blocking geranylation on localization , downstream signaling , and stimulation of invasion .	
Based on these findings , we explored if the expression pattern of GADD45A and BTG2 is affected by ERβ .	
GADD45A and BTG2 are two major inhibitors of CDK1 , which have been implicated in breast tumor formation .	
The extent of positive immunohistochemical signals of EGF , EGF receptor ( EGFR ) , and JNK expression was significantly intense in CK-19-positive HCC than those of CK19-negative HCC .	921	93	92	9
Clinicopathological analysis showed that CK19-positive HCC had a high incidence of portal vein invasion , extrahepatic metastasis and an early relapse , which was associated with the worsened 2-year disease free survival .	1
In this study , we used A549 , a cell line derived from a human lung carcinoma , to characterize the antiproliferative and apoptotic effects of IFNλs on lung cancer , and the interplay between IFNγ and IFNλ .	
Because overexpression of full-length ectopic IFNλR1 led to cell death , we generated A549 cells stably expressing a chimeric receptor ( 10R1/λR1 ) , which is composed of the extracellular domain of IL-10 receptor ( IL10R1 ) fused in tandem to the transmembrane and intracellular domains of the IFNλ receptor ( IFNλR1 ) .	
However , although IFNγ is a well-known regulatory interferon , the mechanisms through which it regulates IFNλs in lung cancer cells are unknown .	
These issues are critical for the application of IFNλs in lung cancer therapy .	
In addition , the interaction between IFNλs and other interferons remains unclear .	
The interplay between IFNα and IFNλ has been reported .	
The apoptotic effects of interferon lambdas ( IFNλs ) have been described in several types of cancers .	
However , their effects on human lung cancer cells and the mechanisms are elusive .	
These results suggest that other viral gene products in addition to E6/E7 may play an important role in the in vitro immortalization of cervical keratinocytes in HPV16 and the development of cervical cancer .	4	41
Complementation assays using the HPV16 variant and a full-length E2 enabled the cloned variant to immortalize human cervical keratinocytes with wild-type efficiency .	4	41
This truncated E2 only weakly stimulated transcription of the viral regulatory region .	
DNA sequence analysis of the URR/E6/E7 and E5 regions of the HPV16 showed them to be fully functional , but a deletion in the viral E2 open reading frame was detected .	
Radioimmunoprecipitation assays of the rodent cells showed that they expressed the E7 protein .	
It could however cooperate with an activated ras oncogene to transform primary rodent cells .	
The HPV16 variant was able to extend the lifespan of , but failed to immortalize , human keratinocytes .	4	41
The oncogenic potential of a human papillomavirus type 16 ( HPV16 ) variant cloned from normal human cervical keratinocytes has been tested in vitro using primary rodent epithelial cells and human cervical keratinocytes .	
The main feedback loop driving circadian rhythm in mice is controlled , in part , by the genes encoding the cryptochromes Cry1 and Cry2 .	
Targeted mutation of both Cry1 and Cry2 delay the early onset of tumor formation in p53-null mutant mice .	
Furthermore , Ras-transformed p53- and Cry-null mouse skin fibroblasts are more sensitive than p53 mutants to apoptotic cell death initiated by agents that activate either the intrinsic or the extrinsic apoptosis pathways .	
Here , we investigated the effect of Cry1 and Cry2 mutations on cell death by other genotoxic agents that generate alkylated bases , interstrand crosslinks , DNA-protein crosslinks , and double-strand breaks .	
Both ultraviolet ( UV ) and the UV mimetic compound oxaliplatin and the radiomimetic compound doxorubicin promoted apoptosis by upregulating the tumor suppressor p73 .	8	81
However , only the UV and oxaliplatin-induced upregulation of p73 mediated by the transcription factor Egr1 , but not the doxorubicin-induced upregulation mediated by the transcription factor E2F1 , was enhanced by Cry1/Cry2 double mutation .	63	6
Accordingly , Egr1 downregulation reduced oxaliplatin-induced apoptosis , whereas E2F1 downregulation reduced doxorubicin-induced apoptosis .	8	81
Our findings establish distinct roles for cryptochromes in intrinsic apoptosis induced by UV mimetic and radiomimetic agents .	8	81
Our results indicate that the 39 altered miRNAs may be involved in lung fibrosis of rats that were exposed to silica dust .	
Furthermore , the microarray results provide a solid basis for further validation , such as identification of other miRNAs that may be related to inflammation and fibrosis .	
Compared with normal lung tissue , fourteen miRNAs were found significantly up-regulated while the other twenty-five down-regulated in silicosis samples .	
The differential expression of two selected miRNAs was confirmed by stem-loop real-time reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction .	
The aim of the present study is to investigate the altered miRNAs expression profile in rats with experimental silicosis .	
We duplicated silicosis rat model , and identify the miRNA expression pattern of silicosis rat with miRNA microarray .	
MicroRNAs ( miRNAs ) are 19 nt non-coding RNA molecules that regulate expression of target genes at the post-transcriptional level .	
Evidence indicates that miRNAs play an essential role in physiological and pathological conditions including pulmonary development , inflammation , fibrosis and cancer .	
FTC-133 and 8505C cells were unaffected by iodide , iodine or delta-iodolactone .	
However , delta-iodolactone significantly reduced cell proliferation already with low concentrations ( 5 microM and 10 microM ) and further in a dose-dependent manner up to 82% .	
They may be useful , therefore , for studying mechanisms involved in tumor progression .	
Taken together , these findings suggest that the R-type cells represent a more malignant variant of the E-type cells .	
Recently , abiraterone ( second hormonal therapy ) and cabazitaxel ( new taxane ) have been shown to improve survival in patients with CRPC who progressed following docetaxel-based chemotherapy .	
Around 2000 cells were then distributed in 12-well plates and grown for 48 h in either DMEM ( thyroid cancer cells ) or in RPMI medium ( MCF 7 cells ) both containing 5% FCS .	
METHODS Thyroid carcinoma cells were cultured in Dulbecco's modified Eagle's medium ( DMEM ) and MCF 7 cells in Rowswell Park Memorial Institute ( RPMI ) culture medium , both containing 10% ( v/v ) Fetal Calf Serum ( FCS ) , until they were confluent .	
In this communication we compare the effect of iodide , molecular iodine and delta-iodolactone on growth inhibition and apoptosis on three human thyroid carcinoma cell lines ( B-CPAP cells , FTC-133 cells and 8505C cells ) as well as on human breast cancer cells ( MCF 7 ) .	
When injected s.c. into nude mice , R-type cells produce much larger tumors within the same period of time than E-type cells , and the tumors are less differentiated than those produced by the E-type cells .	
Pure cultures of each type were obtained by subcloning , and both have maintained their characteristic phenotypes for at least 1 year ( 40 passages ) .	
We found that the human colon cancer cell line SW480 consists of two distinct subpopulations which we have designated E-type ( epithelial ) and R-type ( round ) .	
They form flat epithelial-like colonies .	
E-type cells are the major ( > 98% ) type in the parental SW480 cell line .	
However , the contribution of global CNV burden to the risk of sporadic congenital heart disease ( CHD ) remains incompletely defined .	
Additional therapeutic targets have been analyzed in prostate cancer , including apoptosis , angiogenic receptors , vitamin D and Src pathways .	
Previous studies have shown that copy-number variants ( CNVs ) contribute to the risk of complex developmental phenotypes .	
Cell viability and apoptotic cells were measured using MTT assay and flow cytometry , respectively.Results:Proteasome inhibitors decreased Beclin 1 expression .	
Prostate cancer is the most common cancer in men in Europe and the United States , and the third leading cause of death from cancer in Europe .	
Emerging lines of evidence have shown that blockade of ubiquitin-proteasome system by proteasome inhibitors activates macroautophagy.Objective:The purpose of this study was to determine the involvement of autophagy essential gene Beclin 1 in cytotoxicity of thyroid cancer cells mediated by proteasome inhibitors.Design:Autophagy was measured by acidic-trophic dye staining and EGF-LC3 distribution using fluorescence microscopy , as well as LC3-II transition using Western blot .	
Context:The ubiquitin-proteasome system and macroautophagy are two major pathways for intracellular protein degradation .	
We found association of rare genic deletions with CHD risk ( odds ratio [ OR ] = 1.8 , p = 0.0008 ) .	
Overexpression of Beclin 1 enhanced proteasome inhibitor-mediated cytotoxicity of thyroid cancer cells via suppression of survivin.Conclusions:Proteasome inhibitors cause Beclin 1-independent macroautophagic responses of thyroid cancer cells in a Beclin 1-independent manner .	
Survival of prostate cancer cells is dependent on the activation of androgen receptors ( AR ) , that are overexpressed in this tumor .	
We generated genome-wide CNV data by using Illumina 660W-Quad SNP arrays in 2,256 individuals with CHD , 283 trio CHD-affected families , and 1,538 controls .	
Furthermore , of prostate cancer patients that respond to first-line androgen deprivation therapy ( ADT ) undergo rapid progression .	
Recurrent 15q11.2 deletions were associated with CHD risk ( OR = 8.2 , p = 0.02 ) .	
This condition is defined as castration-resistant prostate cancer ( CRPC ) .	
Rare deletions in study participants with CHD had higher gene content ( p = 0.001 ) with higher haploinsufficiency scores ( p = 0.03 ) than they did in controls , and they were enriched with Wnt-signaling genes ( p = 1 × 10(-5) ) .	
Some of the rare de novo CNVs spanned genes known to be involved in heart development ( e.g. , HAND2 and GJA5 ) .	
Inhibition of EGFR kinase blocks uPAR induced signal to ERK , implicating EGFR as an important effector of the pathway .	
Domain 1 of uPAR is crucial for EGFR activation , and FAK links integrin and EGFR signaling .	
These findings unveil a mechanism whereby uPAR subverts ligand-regulated EGFR signaling , providing cancer cells with proliferative advantage .	
Disruption of uPAR or EGFR signaling reduces HEp3 proliferation in vivo .	9	93
Here we demonstrate that EGFR mediates the uPAR/integrin/fibronectin ( FN ) induced growth pathway .	9	93
Urokinase plasminogen activator receptor ( uPAR ) activates alpha5beta1 integrin and ERK signaling , inducing in vivo proliferation of HEp3 human carcinoma .	
Only when uPAR level is constitutively elevated does EGFR become alpha5beta1-associated and activated .	
Its activation is ligand-independent and does not require high EGFR , but does require high uPAR expression .	9	93
This further facilitates cyclin D1 expression and accelerates proliferation of cells and VEGF-D-induced lymphovascular formation .	91	9	7	71
As a result , BPA and MXC induced the cancer cell proliferation by the upregulation of genes that promote the cell cycle and the downregulation of anti-proliferative genes , especially ones affecting the G1/S transition via ERα signaling .	91	93	9
These collective results confirm the carcinogenicity of these EDCs invitro .	
To determine whether BPA and MXC stimulate cancer cell growth though ER signaling , we co-treated the cells with agonists ( propyl pyrazoletriol , PPT ; and diarylpropionitrile , DPN ) or an antagonist ( ICI 182,780 ) of ER signaling and reduced ERα gene expression via siRNA in MCF-7 cells before treatment with EDCs .	
These studies confirmed the carcinogenicity of EDCs invitro .	
We evaluated cancer cell proliferation following BPA and MXC treatment using an MTT assay .	
We analyzed alterations in the expression of genes associated with the cell cycle in MCF-7 cells by semi-quantitative reverse-transcription PCR following treatment with BPA or MXC compared to EtOH .	
In this study , we investigated the effects of BPA and MXC on cell proliferation facilitated by ER signaling in human breast cancer cells .	
MCF-7 cells are known to be ERα-positive and to be a highly E2-responsive cancer cell line ; these cells are , therefore , a useful invitro model for detecting estrogenic activity in response to EDCs .	
Various endocrine disrupting chemicals ( EDCs ) are exogenous compounds found in the environment and have the potential to interfere with the endocrine system and hormonal regulation .	
Among EDCs , bisphenolA ( BPA ) and 1,1,1-trichloro-2,2-bis(4-methoxyphenol)-ethane [ methoxychlor ( MXC) ] have estrogenic activity resulting in a variety of dysfunctions in the E2-mediated response by binding to estrogen receptors ( ERs ) , causing human health problems such as abnormal reproduction and carcinogenesis .	
In this study , we compared the effects of ATO on HL60 leukemic cells and primary umbilical cord blood ( UCB ) CD34+ cells .	
However , its effects on primary hematopoietic CD34+ have not been examined .	
ATO can degrade chimeric PML-RAR proteins and induce apoptosis in various cancer cells .	
Arsenic trioxide ( ATO ) is a novel agent to treat acute promyelocytic leukemia ( APL ) .	
High-dose ATO ( > or = 25 microM ) caused non-specific cell death in HL60 cells without any changes in cell cycle .	91	8	9
The percentage of cells in G2/M increased significantly ( from 8.6 to 53.8% ) .	91	9
We found that ATO ( < or = 5 microM ) caused prolongation of G1/S and G2/M phase in a dose-dependent manner .	91	9
HL60 cells and UCB CD34+ cells were cultured with different concentrations of ATO for up to three weeks and examined for changes of cell cycle .	
HER2 overexpression was observed in 25 of those patients ( 12.4% ) .	9	93
HER2 status was not significantly associated with recurrence or progression .	
Primary cells that were resistant to ATO were rich in CD34+ cells .	
In contrast to HL60 cells , UCB CD34+ cells were more resistant to high-dose ATO and most ATO-resistant CD34+ cells remained in G0/G1 phase .	91	9
Therefore , the addition to FAR therapy of agents that inhibit activation of the Stat3 pathway may enhance the clinical response of patients with HNSCC to FAR therapy .	
According to our results , three months of Pyc administration had no effect on the level of oxidative damage to DNA or on repair ability , but we found a relationship between the level of 8-oxoG and repair ability of DNA in this group .	61	62	6
To conclude , even if the positive effect of Pyc was not confirmed in the case of elderly people it is important to highlight the necessity of further investigations about the mechanisms of Pyc acting on different age groups .	
Unlike untransformed cells , most cancer cells demonstrate reduced glucose oxidation even under attached conditions , and thus they inherently possess a survival advantage when suspended .	
Normalization of glucose metabolism by stimulating PDH in cancer cells restores their susceptibility to anoikis and impairs their metastatic potential .	
Conversely , overexpression of PDKs prolonged survival of cells in suspension .	
Therefore , decreased glucose oxidation following cell detachment confers anoikis resistance .	
Here we show that when detached from the matrix , untransformed mammary epithelial cells undergo metabolic reprogramming by markedly upregulating pyruvate dehydrogenase ( PDH ) kinase 4 ( PDK4 ) through estrogen-related receptor gamma ( ERR\u03b3 ) , thereby inhibiting PDH and attenuating the flux of glycolytic carbon into mitochondrial oxidation .	9	93	3
To decipher the significance of this metabolic response , we found that depletion of PDK4 or activation of PDH increased mitochondrial respiration and oxidative stress in suspended cells , resulting in heightened anoikis .	
Cancer cells exhibit altered glucose metabolism characterized by a preference for aerobic glycolysis or the Warburg effect , and the cells resist matrix detachment-induced apoptosis , which is called anoikis , a barrier to metastasis .	
It remains largely unclear whether tumor metabolism influences anoikis and metastasis .	
However , there is still the need to understand , at a more global level , the network of events involved both in terms of cause and consequence .	
This paper shows the power of systematic proteomic analyses , both targeted and global , in addressing such biological questions , highlighting the widespread nature of histone acetylation changes , and the opposite metabolic changes to those seen in the Warburg effect .	31	3
Oncogene-induced senescence is now recognized as being an important mechanism in protecting against cancer .	
Activation of the AKT survival pathway was only observed in PC3 cells , representing a resistance mechanism of advanced prostate cancer upon BITC treatment .	
These results suggest that the Warburg effect , more specifically , diminished glucose oxidation , promotes anoikis resistance and metastasis and that PDKs are potential targets for antimetastasis therapy .	1	31	12	3
RESULTS Among the 15 tumors that were pT1b or greater , all 15 were positive on PET and all seven of the lesions confined to the mucosa ( Tis or T1a ) were negative .	
The T/N ratio and the SUV were calculated for 20 primary tumors .	
Five patients underwent PET studies for the detection of recurrence and the PET findings were compared with their CT findings .	
PET results were also compared with computed tomography ( CT ) and endoscopic ultrasonography ( EUS ) for detection of regional lymph node metastases in 18 patients who underwent extended lymph node dissection .	
PET images were evaluated visually and the relationship between the depth of invasion and the PET findings were examined in 22 lesions of 19 patients from whom specimens were obtained from the primary tumor by surgery or endoscopic mucosal resection .	
Thirty-one patients who had 36 biopsy-proven lesions ( 35 squamous cell carcinomas and one small cell carcinoma ) underwent PET study prior to treatment .	
METHODS Thirty-six patients were included in the study .	
BACKGROUND A retrospective study was performed to determine the indications for positron emission tomography ( PET ) using [ (18)F]fluorodeoxyglucose ( FDG ) in patients with esophageal cancer , including those with early cancer , and to investigate whether the tumor-to-normal ratio ( T/N ratio ) could be used as a substitute for the standardized uptake value ( SUV ) .	
More sites of recurrence were detected by PET than by CT .	
The sensitivity , specificity and accuracy of detecting nodal involvement were , respectively , 37.5 , 96.1 and 88.3% by CT , 30.8 , 88.5 and 81.0% by EUS and 41.7 , 100 and 92.2% by PET .	
These findings could potentially contribute to the beneficial effect of BITC in prostate cancer treatments .	
These BaP-mediated gene regulations were fully validated by reverse transcription-quantitative polymerase chain reaction assays for some selected genes .	
MODEL Our model is based on analogs of thermodynamic concepts that tie non-equilibrium fluid dynamics ultimately to metabolic imbalance , disrupted microtubule dynamics , and finally , genomic instability , from which cancers can arise .	
The daphnane diterpenoids also exerted the potent anti-proliferative activity against anticancer-drug resistant cancer cells including gemcitabine-resistant A549 , gefitinib- , erlotinib-resistant H292 cells .	
Overall , these data , through identifying genes and signaling pathways targeted by PAHs in human macrophages , may contribute to better understand the molecular basis of the immunotoxicity of these environmental contaminants .	2	21
The DSBs remaining after heavy-ion irradiation suggested defects in the AT cells ' DSB repair ability .	612	62	61	6
In normal cells the RBE ( relative biological effectiveness ) of carbon and iron ions increased from 1.19 to 1.81 in proportion to LET .	
For this purpose we irradiated AT and normal human cells immortalized with the human telomerase gene using high- ( 24-60 keV/microm carbon and 200 keV/microm iron ions ) or low-LET ( X-rays ) radiation in non-proliferative conditions .	
Since heavy ion beam treatment for cancer is becoming increasingly common in Japan and elsewhere , it is important to also determine their sensitivity to high-LET radiation .	
Ataxia telangiectasia ( AT ) cells , with their defective double-strand break ( DSB ) repair processes , exhibit high sensitivity to low-LET radiation such as X-rays irradiation and gamma beams .	
The RBEs found in the AT cells after heavy-ion irradiation were consistent with the effects predicted from the presence of non-homologous end joining defects .	62	6
In AT cells , however , a significant number of gamma-H2AX foci were still observed at 40 h .	61	6
In normal cells most gamma-H2AX foci induced by both carbon- and iron-ion beams had disappeared at 40 h .	
In contrast , their RBE in AT cells increased from 1.32 at 24 keV/microm to 1.59 at 40 keV/microm , and exhibited a plateau at over 40 keV/microm .	
These genomic changes coincided with phenotype changes in the prostate cells including increased anchorage-independent growth and reduced sensitivity to folate depletion .	
AhR and p53 implications were moreover fully confirmed by the prevention of BaP-related upregulation of some selected target genes by AhR silencing or the use of pifithrin-alpha , an inhibitor of PAH bioactivation-related DNA damage/p53 pathways .	61	6
Second to previously described CNVs at 1q21.1 , deletions at 15q11.2 and those implicating Wnt signaling are the most significant contributors to the risk of sporadic CHD .	
Rare genic deletions contribute of the population-attributable risk of sporadic CHD .	
We describe here a novel cross-species approach to telomerase inhibition .	
Ectopic expression of the human telomerase catalytic reverse transcriptase component in murine cells inhibited endogenous murine telomerase activity .	
Telomerase is a ribonucleoprotein enzyme that functions to maintain telomeres , the terminal DNA that protects chromosomal integrity , regulating cellular replicative life span .	
Telomerase is not expressed in most normal human somatic cells but is active in stabilizing telomeres of certain self-renewing cell populations and most malignant cells , making the enzyme an appealing target for anticancer therapy .	
This study , by targeting immortal murine cells for telomerase inhibition , demonstrates the importance of telomerase to murine cell immortalization and telomere maintenance .	4	41
Moreover , the murine model used here should prove useful in further evaluating telomerase inhibition as an anticancer therapy .	
Using this approach , telomerase inhibition in immortal murine fibroblasts resulted in critical telomere shortening , leading to slowed proliferation , abnormal morphology , altered cell cycle , and telomere dysfunction with cytogenetic instability , followed by apoptotic cell death .	8	81	4
Subpopulations of two telomerase-inhibited clones escaped widespread apoptosis , showing proliferative recovery in culture despite persistently inhibited telomerase activity with progressive telomere shortening and dysfunction .	8	81
The first determination was performed before tumour excision and the second at 6-7 months after excision .	
In our study we investigated the level of apoptosis in PBMCs and the serological level of sFas ( CD95/APO-1 ) in 22 patients with malignant melanoma ( 12 patients with unique cutaneous primary tumour and 10 patients with unique brain metastasis ) .	
In the second determination : apoptosis was increased in 5 patients and sFas level was increased in 4 cases .	8	81
Results in patients with primary tumour in the first determination : 6 patients with over normal values in PBMCs apoptosis and 5 patients with increased values of sFas .	8	81
In the second determination apoptosis was increased in 4 cases and sFas was increased in 4 cases .	8	81
In patients with metastases in the first determination apoptosis of PBMC was increased in 7 cases and sFas in 5 cases .	8	12	81	1
Apoptosis values for PBMCs and sFas values were with 1/4 higher than normals .	8	81
Our results show that half of the investigated patients presented elevated values of PBMCs apoptosis and Fas receptor both before and 6-7 months after tumour excision .	8	81
Clinical evolution was performed for 1 year .	
There was no difference in clinical evolution of the patients with normal or increased values for studied parameters .	
Together , these data suggest that vascular-targeted strategies directed against exposed PS may be a powerful adjunct to postoperative chemotherapy in preventing relapses after cancer surgery .	7
However , severe lung metastasis was observed in 2 of 6 mice in the control group and mild metastasis in 2 of 6 mice in the NM 1% group .	1	12
The link between folate depletion and the genesis and progression of cancers of epithelial origin is of high clinical relevance , but still unclear .	
BACKGROUND Folate ( vitamin B9 ) is essential for cellular proliferation as it is involved in the biosynthesis of deoxythymidine monophosphate ( dTMP ) and s-adenosylmethionine ( AdoMet ) .	
We , therefore , hypothesized that prostate cells might be highly susceptible to genetic , epigenetic and phenotypic changes consequent to folate restriction .	
Experimentally , we found that under the simulated atmospheric conditions O(2) intercepts of the excited adducts before their vibrational quantum states have fully relaxed .	
Analogous interception of excited-state radicals by O(2) is likely common to a range of atmospheric reactions that proceed through peroxy complexes .	
We recently demonstrated that sensitivity to low folate availability is affected by the rate of polyamine biosynthesis , which is prominent in prostate cells .	
Bimolecular reactions in Earth's atmosphere are generally assumed to proceed between reactants whose internal quantum states are fully thermally relaxed .	
Here , we highlight a dramatic role for vibrationally excited bimolecular reactants in the oxidation of acetylene .	
The reaction proceeds by preliminary adduct formation between the alkyne and OH radical , with subsequent O(2) addition .	
Using a detailed theoretical model , we show that the product-branching ratio is determined by the excited vibrational quantum-state distribution of the adduct at the moment it reacts with O(2) .	
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons ( PAHs ) are widely distributed immunotoxic and carcinogenic environmental contaminants , known to affect macrophages .	
Possible changes in structure and function of the protein induced by amino acid variance were predicted by bioinformatics analysis .	
Using global approaches , we identified an increase in CpG island and histone methylation upon folate depletion despite unchanged levels of total 5-methylcytosine , indicating a broad effect of folate depletion on epigenetic regulation .	
The variations detected were evaluated in available family members as well as 102 normal controls .	
Random oligonucleotide-primed synthesis ( ROPS ) revealed a significant increase in uracil misincorporation and DNA single strand breaks , while spectral karyotype analysis ( SKY ) identified five novel chromosomal rearrangements in cells grown with mild folate depletion .	612	61	6
All exons of CYP1B1 and MYOC were amplified by polymerase chain reaction ( PCR ) , sequenced and compared with a reference database .	
Molecular genetic analysis was performed on all subjects included in the study .	
Five were diagnosed as POAG , four as glaucoma suspects , and the rest were asymptomatic .	
All participants underwent complete ophthalmologic examinations .	
When stratified into tertiles according to the pre-supplementation level of endogenous DNA damage , there was a statistically significant decrease in DNA damage after supplementation in the tertile with the highest pre-supplementation level of damage .	61	6
Physiol. © 2012 Wiley Periodicals , Inc .	
Our data suggest that AT1R antagonists might be useful to suppress breast cancer by inhibiting the angiotensin II .	7	71
We also observed an increase of beclin-1 and microtubule-associated protein 1 light chain 3 expression along with an enhanced autophagosomes formation as revealed by mono-dansyl-cadaverine staining .	82	8
Finally , we demonstrated the involvement of PPARγ in DHEA- and EPEA-induced autophagy by using siRNA technology and a selective inhibitor .	82	8
In MCF-7 cells , both compounds enhanced PPARγ expression , stimulated a PPAR response element-dependent transcription as confirmed by the increased expression of its target gene PTEN , resulting in the inhibition of AKT-mTOR pathways .	
Besides , DHEA and EPEA treatment induced phosphorylation of Bcl-2 promoting its dissociation from beclin-1 which resulted in autophagy induction .	82	8
Here , we demonstrated that DHEA and EPEA were able to reduce cell viability in MCF-7 breast cancer cells whereas they did not elicit any effects in MCF-10A non-tumorigenic breast epithelial cells .	
Since DHA and EPA are ligands of Peroxisome Proliferator-Activated Receptor ( PPAR ) γ , we sought to determine whether PPARγ may also mediate DHEA and EPEA actions .	
The omega-3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids , docosahexaenoic acid ( DHA ) and eicosapentaenoic acid ( EPA ) , elicit antiproliferative effects in cancer cell lines and in animal models .	
Dietary DHA and EPA can be converted to their ethanolamine derivatives , docosahexaenoyl ethanolamine ( DHEA ) and eicosapentaenoyl ethanolamine ( EPEA ) , respectively ; however , few studies are reported on their anticancer activities .	
Cancer therapy with rapamycin has been successfully implemented for kidney cancer , glioblastoma and prostate cancer .	
In summary , our data show that the two omega-3 ethanolamines exert antiproliferative effects by inducing autophagy in breast cancer cells highlighting their potential use as breast cancer preventive and/or therapeutic agents .	82	8
J. Cell .	
Finally , analysis of clinical renal-cancer samples demonstrates that a large proportion of renal cancers strongly express FGF2 .	9	92
We suggest that therapeutic strategies designed to simultaneously target both VEGF and FGF2 signalling may prove more efficacious than sunitinib in renal cancer patients whose tumours express FGF2 .	
Importantly , these effects of FGF2 were ablated by PD173074 , a small molecule inhibitor of FGF receptor signalling .	9	92
We also show that FGF2 can stimulate pro-angiogenic signalling pathways in endothelial cells despite the presence of sunitinib .	9	92
By screening a panel of candidate growth factors we identified fibroblast growth factor 2 ( FGF2 ) as a potent regulator of endothelial cell sensitivity to sunitinib .	
We show that FGF2 supports endothelial proliferation and de novo tubule formation in the presence of sunitinib and that FGF2 can suppress sunitinib-induced retraction of tubules .	9	92
The vascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF ) receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor sunitinib has been approved for first-line treatment of patients with metastatic renal cancer and is currently being trialled in other cancers .	
However , the effectiveness of this anti-angiogenic agent is limited by the presence of innate and acquired drug resistance .	
Thus , the decreased level of formation of the complex between SV40-T and pRB or the underphosphorylation of pRB may explain the suppression of growth of antisense transformants .	
Together , these results show that an antisense gene for SV40-T antigen can efficiently block the cell proliferation and the cell immortalization of VA-13 cells .	9	4	41
Here , we set out to test the novel hypothesis that increased mitochondrial biogenesis in epithelial cancer cells would " fuel " enhanced tumor growth .	
Megakaryopoiesis is also defective during crisis .	
Therefore , metformin ( a complex I inhibitor ) and other mitochondrial inhibitors should be developed as novel anticancer therapies , targeting mitochondrial metabolism in cancer cells .	
Erythropoiesis is severely blocked in scat crisis mice , and succumb during the second crisis ( d of age ) from catastrophic hematopoietic failure in the spleen and bone marrow .	
As such , PGC-1α , PGC-1β , mitoNEET and POLRMT should all be considered as tumor promoters or " metabolic oncogenes. "	
CONCLUSIONS Monotherapy with icotinib hydrochloride is effective and tolerable for patients with advanced NSCLC , especially with EGFR mutation .	63	6
Thus , we propose that increased mitochondrial " power " in epithelial cancer cells oncogenically promotes tumor growth by conferring autophagy resistance .	
Taken all these together , it is possible to develop genipin as an anti-cancer drug .	
The results also showed that genipin-treated HeLa cells cycle was arrested at G(1) phase .	511	5	51
Western blot analysis revealed that the phosphorylated c-Jun NH(2)-terminal kinase ( JNK ) protein , phospho-Jun protein , p53 protein and bax protein significantly increased in a dose-dependent manner after treatment of genipin for 24 h , and to our knowledge , the activation of JNK maybe result in the increase of the p53 protein level , and the increase of the p53 protein led to the accumulation of bax protein , bax protein further induced cell apoptotic death eventually .	
Genipin could remarkably induce cytotoxicity in HeLa cells and inhibit its proliferation .	
Induction of the apoptosis by genipin was confirmed by analysis of DNA fragmentation and induction of sub-G(1) peak through flow cytometry .	8	81
However , the effects of genipin on HeLa human cervical carcinoma cells are still unknown .	
In this study , we provided evidences that genipin induced the death of HeLa cells through apoptotic pathway in a dose-dependent manner .	
Genipin is a metabolite of geniposide isolated from an extract of Gardenia fructus .	
Some observations suggested that genipin could induce cell apoptosis in hepatoma cells and PC3 human prostate cancer cells .	
Our data suggest that EGFR+/PTEN+ GSCs are susceptible to anti-EGFR therapy in vitro .	
Sphere formation by EGFR-/ PTEN- GSCs was independent of EGF stimulation , but dependant on B27 growth supplement .	
The level of expression of retinoblastoma protein ( pRB ) complexed with SV40-T antigen of the antisense transformants was significantly decreased although the level of total pRB was much higher than that in VA-13 .	
The pRB was present exclusively in the underphosphorylated form .	
Tumors were resected and cultured as small tumor chunks ( mm3 ) or were cultured in monolayer .	
In this study , we investigate the effects of cancer-associated fibroblasts ( CAFs ) upon this molecular cross-talk using tumor cells and CAFs derived from spontaneous mammary tumors of female MMTV-neu transgenic mice .	
A PRL receptor ( PRLR ) antagonist , G129R , has been developed , which indirectly inhibits the tyrosine phosphorylation of HER2 ( p-HER2 ) in human breast cancer cell lines .	
Prolactin ( PRL ) promotes the proliferation and survival of breast cancer cells in part via the transactivation of human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 ( HER2 ) , also known as Neu in rodents .	
To determine whether SV40 large T ( SV40-T ) antigen is essential for this immortalization of WI-38 cells we introduced an antisense gene for T antigen into VA-13 .	
Two morphologically different types of antisense transformant ( VA-AS5-8 and VA-AS37-8 ) were obtained .	
Normal human lung fibroblast diploid cells , WI-38 , become senescent after a definite number of divisions .	
VA-13 is a line of immortalized cells established by transformation of WI-38 cells by SV40 virus .	
The relative number of cells in the S phase of the antisense transformants was decreased as compared to that in cultures of VA-13 and about 50% of cells were at G1/0 .	91	9
The doubling time of the transformants was prolonged to close to the doubling time of WI-38 .	
In both antisense transformants the expression of T antigen was reduced by more than 70% as compared to that in the parent cells .	
The morphology of the antisense transformants indicated a partial conversion to the senescent phenotype of WI-38 .	42	4
We have identified that the final stage of wound closure is preceded in keratinocytes by a strong accumulation of miR-483-3p , which acts as a mandatory signal triggering cell cycle arrest when confluence is reached .	
Curcumin also inhibited the growth of PC-9 cells and induced G(1)/S arrest of the cell-cycle followed by strong induction of apoptosis .	9	51	511	5	91	8	81
Treatment with GADD45 and 153 small interfering RNAs ( siRNAs ) inhibited the apoptotic induction in PC-9 cells by curcumin .	
Based on our successful results with green tea catechins as cancer preventive , we studied the relationship between the expression of GADD45 and 153 and apoptotic induction in human lung cancer cell line PC-9 .	
In our study curcumin increased the expression of GADD45 and 153 in a p53-independent manner .	
Curcumin , isolated from the plant Curcuma longa ( LINN ) , has been investigated as a promising cancer preventive in food because curcumin , a phenolic and coloring compound , is widely ingested in the Indian subcontinent .	
However , the exact mechanisms of action of curcumin have not yet been clearly elucidated .	
Smoking habit caused an additional increase in the SSBs observed in radiotherapy technicians .	612	61	6
GADD45 is an effector gene of the tumor suppressor p53 , and GADD153 is associated with cellular function of cancer prevention .	
GSH levels were found to be decreased significantly from Monday to Friday .	
Gamma-radiation resulted in increased DNA SSB levels of MNC in radiotherapy technicians throughout the working week and these breaks have been observed to be repaired at the weekend .	612	61	6
DNA SSB levels were found to be significantly higher in smoking controls compared to non-smoking controls .	612	61	6
Significant increases of 36% and 49% in DNA SSB were detected from Monday to Friday for non-smoking and smoking radiotherapy technicians , respectively .	612	61	6
In addition , GSH levels were measured using the enzymatic method in MNC .	
Blood samples were collected from radiotherapy technicians on Monday and Friday .	
We wanted to investigate the effects of gamma radiation on DNA single-strand breaks ( SSB ) and glutathione ( GSH ) levels in mononuclear blood cells ( MNC ) of radiotherapy technicians .	
All the results with PC-9 cells suggest that the up-regulation of GADD45 and 153 by curcumin is a prime mechanism in the anticancer activity of curcumin .	
Oxidative stress parameters were evaluated by plasmatic lipoperoxidation , carbonyl content , thiobarbituric reactive substances ( TBARS ) , nitric oxide levels ( NO ) , total radical antioxidant parameter ( TRAP ) , superoxide dismutase , and catalase activities and GSH levels .	
The association between EGFR and p27 may represent an important mechanism in the control of cellular proliferation and malignant progression of oral epithelium and therefore warrants further investigation .	
Immune evaluation was determined by TNF-α , IL-1β , IL-12 , and IL-10 levels and leukocytes oxidative burst evaluation by chemiluminescence .	
Tissue damage analysis included heart ( total CK and CKMB ) , liver ( AST , ALT , GGT ) , and renal ( creatinine , urea , and uric acid ) plasmatic markers .	
C-reactive protein ( CRP ) and iron metabolism were also evaluated .	
Breast cancer is the malignant neoplasia with the highest incidence in women worldwide .	
Chronic oxidative stress and inflammation have been indicated as major mediators during carcinogenesis and cancer progression .	
Human studies have not considered the complexity of tumor biology during the stages of cancer advance , limiting their clinical application .	
After 3 wk , syngeneic MMTV-Wnt-1 mammary tumor cells were injected in the mammary fat pad , and mice continued on their respective diets for 5 more wk .	
Our results demonstrate that a low-concentration BPA induces GPR30 expression through the GPR30-EFGR-ERK-c-Fos , ER-α , and PKG pathways , presumably boosting the cells proliferation via a regulatory loop .	
Expectedly , through the same pathways , BPA significantly induces the gene and protein expression of GPR30. c-Fos is further observed to be strongly recruited to the AP-1 site in a chromatin immunoprecipitation assay and its dysfunction on the AP-1 site markedly suppresses the expression of GPR30 , p-ERK1/2 , p-Ser118-ER-α and cell proliferation by BPA .	
Furthermore , an activator protein-1 ( AP-1 ) site located within this region is found to be responsible for the transactivation of BPA .	
By transient transfection with expression plasmids , 10(-9)M BPA significantly transactivates the Gpr30-5'-flanking region through activating the GPR30 , cGMP-dependent protein kinase ( PKG ) , estrogen receptor-α ( ER-α ) , and EFGR-ERK pathways .	9	93
Thus , we want to know if low concentrations of BPA are able to induce the GPR30 expression and the possible mechanism(s) in GC-1 cells .	
However , through the same pathway GPR30 expression has been shown to be induced by EGF , an EGFR ligand .	
We found that low concentrations of BPA stimulate the spermatogonial GC-1 cells proliferation by G protein-coupled receptor 30 ( GPR30)-mediated epidermal growth factor receptor ( EGFR)-extracellular regulated kinase ( ERK)-c-Fos pathway .	
Bisphenol A ( BPA ) is one of the most prevalent chemicals in daily-use materials , therefore , human exposure to BPA is ubiquitous .	
The present study provides a novel insight into the potential role of GPR30 in the initiation and progression of male germ cell cancer induced by environmentally relevant BPA .	
We propose the selective cytotoxicity of high dose ascorbate to tumour cells to be due to the preferential generation of H(2)O(2) in the acidic and ferritin-rich tumour microenvironment , combined with reduced defense systems against H(2)O(2) as a consequence of aerobic glycolysis .	31	3
Furthermore , synthesis and release of ferritin by neuroblastoma cells were analysed in order to examine whether ferritin is possibly an iron source for H(2)O(2) generation .	
Ascorbate ( 0.6-5.0 mM ) and H(2)O(2) ( 25-100 muM ) were found to be similarly cytotoxic to Kelly and SK-N-SH cells .	
In each case , cytotoxicity increased if cell concentrations decreased , in accordance with low cell concentrations having lower capacities to detoxify H(2)O(2) .	
Kelly and SK-N-SH cells produced and released remarkable amounts of lactate and ferritin .	
By intravenous ( but not oral ) application of ascorbate , millimolar serum concentrations can be reached , which are preferentially cytotoxic to cancer cells .	
Cytotoxicity is mediated by transition metal-dependent generation of H(2)O(2) in the interstitial space .	
In this study , the sensitivity of neuroblastoma cells ( Kelly , SK-N-SH ) to ascorbate and H(2)O(2) and their defense mechanisms against H(2)O(2) were investigated .	
Since aerobic glycolysis ( the Warburg effect ) is a feature of many tumour cells , their glucose consumption and lactate production were monitored .	
We have discovered that 3,3',5-triiodothyronine ( T3 ) inhibits binding of a PIP-box sequence peptide to proliferating cell nuclear antigen ( PCNA ) protein by competing for the same binding site , as evidenced by the co-crystal structure of the PCNA-T3 complex at 2.1 Å resolution .	
Based on this observation , we have designed a novel , non-peptide small molecule PCNA inhibitor , T2 amino alcohol ( T2AA ) , a T3 derivative that lacks thyroid hormone activity .	
T2AA inhibited interaction of PCNA/PIP-box peptide with an IC(50) of μm and also PCNA and full-length p21 protein , the tightest PCNA ligand protein known to date .	
T2AA abolished interaction of PCNA and DNA polymerase δ in cellular chromatin .	
De novo DNA synthesis was inhibited by T2AA , and the cells were arrested in S-phase .	
T2AA inhibited growth of cancer cells with induction of early apoptosis .	
Concurrently , Chk1 and RPA32 in the chromatin are phosphorylated , suggesting that T2AA causes DNA replication stress by stalling DNA replication forks .	
T2AA significantly inhibited translesion DNA synthesis on a cisplatin-cross-linked template in cells .	
When cells were treated with a combination of cisplatin and T2AA , a significant increase in phospho(Ser(139))histone H2AX induction and cell growth inhibition was observed .	
Human breast cancer tissues have an increased degree of glycolytic efficiency and regulatory enzymatic activities , which have been shown in previous studies .	
Notably , this accumulation was reduced by low-dose gemcitabine administration , resulting in a modestly increased survival of PDAC mice .	
Our results provide an insight into mechanisms of immunosuppression in PDAC , suggesting an important role for proliferative expansion of effector/memory Treg .	2	22
Significantly , PIF did not impair the beneficial GVL effect in the B-cell leukemia model .	
PIF treatment was demonstrated in vivo and in vitro to lead to decreased iNOS expression and in LPS-activated macrophages to lower nitric oxide secretion .	
Overall our data demonstrates that PIF protects against semi/allogenic GVHD long-term by reducing both target organ and systemic inflammation and by lowering oxidative stress , all while preserving the beneficial GVL effect .	a21	a2	a
PIF primarily acts by inducing regulatory phenotype on monocytes/APC , which controls T-cell proliferation .	
Also , normal p16 expression was related to a lower risk of tumour progression .	511	5	51
J. Cell .	
Biochem. � 2012 Wiley Periodicals , Inc .	
Normal expression of p53 and abnormal expression of MMP9 were associated with greater risk of tumour recurrence .	
CONCLUSIONS : NLR is a surrogate for high-risk tumor features .	
Flow cytometry analysis of freshly obtained GISTs revealed that neutrophils constituted a minimal percentage of intratumoral immune cells .	2	21
RFS in patients with a GIST>5cm with low NLR was significantly longer compared to patients with high NLR ( P=0.002 ) .	
Positive correlations were found between NLR and mitotic rate ( Pearson correlation coefficient [ r]=0.15 , P=0.03 ) , and NLR and tumor size ( r=0.36 , P=0.0001 ) .	
This population-based cohort study comprised 201 well-characterized patients with primary stage T1 urothelial carcinoma of the bladder .	
Elevated blood NLR appears to represent systemic inflammation in patients with high-risk GIST .	a	a2
Patients and Methods .	
Several cell-based studies suggest that expression of torsinA(\u0394E) increases the susceptibility of neuronal cells to challenges to their oxidative/energy metabolism .	
While targeted inhibition of EGFR reduces the frequency of ERK activity pulses , inhibition of MEK reduces their amplitude .	
These findings identify the AR/EGFR system as a key mediator of FGF19 responses in HCC cells involving β-catenin signaling , and suggest that combined targeting of FGF19 and AR/EGFR may enhance therapeutic efficacy .	
Finally , we demonstrate a positive correlation between FGF19 and AR expression in human HCC tissues , therefore supporting in clinical samples our experimental observations .	
Importantly , AR up-regulation and EGFR signaling participated in the induction of cyclin D1 and cell proliferation elicited by FGF19 .	91	9
We show that FGF19 induced AR gene expression through the β-catenin pathway in human HCC cells .	
We investigated the mechanisms of DNA exit during single-cell gel electrophoresis ( the comet assay ) by measuring the kinetics of the comet tail formation .	
The IR-induced cell survival was significantly increased by Z-VAD-FMK and decreased by 3MA in H1299-P53 cells ; IR- induced autophagy was significantly increased by Z-VAD-FMK in H1299-P53 cells ( p<0.01 ) , but not changed in H1299 cells .	82	8
While the IR-induced autophagy was significant in H1299 cells ( p<0.01 ) and decreased in H1299-P53 and H1299-175H cells ( p<0.01 ) by MDC staining , the expression of MAPLC3II and Beclin-1 increased in H1299 , but not in H1299-p53 and H199-175H cells .	82	8
The ionizing radiation ( IR)-induced apoptosis was significant in H1299-P53 compared with in H1299 and H199-175H ( p<0.05 ) by flow cytometry , and the expression of cleaved-caspase3 was increased in H1299-P53 cells .	8	81
The radiosensitization of p53 was associated with the increase of MDM2 and P21 expression .	
Results : In parental H1299 , H1299-P53 , and H1299-175H cells , radiosensitivity exhibited different by colony formation and CCK-8 assay ( D0 : 1.764 Gy , 1.407 Gy and 1.695 Gy ; Dq : 2.977 Gy , 1.199 Gy and 2.312 Gy in turn ) .	
Western blot was used to detect protein expression ; monodansylcadaverine ( MDC ) staining was used to analyze autophagy rate ; DAPI/Propidium Iodide ( PI ) staining and flow cytometry were used to assess apoptosis and necrosis .	
Methods : Cell models with different p53 status were established by gene engineering , and cell viability was examined by colony formation assay , and cell counting kit-8 ( CCK-8 ) , 3-Methyladenine , and Z-VAD were used to block autophagy and apoptosis , respectively .	
In this study , H1299-P53 ( with wild-type p53 ) and H1299-175H ( with mutant 175H ) were used , and the effects of p53 on radiosensitivity were analyzed .	
The tumor suppressor p53 participates not only in regulation of apoptosis , but also in autophagy mechanism .	
Abstract Purpose : Cell death is one of the most important endpoints of radiosensitivity .	
The kinetics of the comet formation in the case of a high radiation dose points out that accumulation of the single-strand breaks causes DNA fragmentation .	612	61	6
We propose that mechanical forces are overarching regulators of YAP/TAZ in multicellular contexts , setting responsiveness to Hippo , WNT , and GPCR signaling .	
Our results imply that the alkaline treatment induces detachment of the loops from the nuclear matrix , and the comet tail is formed by ssDNA fragments , the ends of which are pulled out from the comet head by electric force .	612	61	6
To study the effect of STI571 alone or in combination with Taxol in an in vivo model , an osteosarcoma cell line ( KRIB ) was transplanted into the tibia of athymic nude mice .	
Mice were treated with STI571 ( 50 mg/kg p.o. q M-F ) , Taxol ( 8 mg/kg i.p. weekly ) , or STI571 plus Taxol for 6 weeks .	
Our previous studies showed that ROC1 is required for the growth of several cancer cell lines while ROC1 siRNA silencing inactivates CRL , leading to cell cycle arrest , cell senescence and/or apoptosis .	
PURPOSE Osteosarcoma is an aggressive primary bone cancer characterized by expression of platelet-derived growth factor ( PDGF ) and its cognate receptor .	
Coexpression of the growth factor and receptor suggests their role in autocrine or paracrine growth mechanisms .	
It has been reported previously that STI571 has specific activity in inhibiting select tyrosine kinase receptors , including PDGF and c-Kit .	
Osteosarcomas express low levels of c-Kit but abundant levels of PDGF receptor ( PDGFR ) .	
EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN To investigate the potential of STI571 as therapy for osteosarcoma , we studied its effects on PDGF-mediated cell growth in vitro and in an in vivo mouse model .	
RESULTS PDGF acted as a potent mitogen in a dose-dependent manner in two osteosarcoma cell lines .	9	92
STI571 ( 1.0 micro M ) inhibited both PDGFR-alpha and PDGFR-beta phosphorylation and the downstream phosphorylation targets extracellular signal-regulated kinase and Akt .	9	93
STI571 also inhibited PDGF-mediated growth and induced apoptosis in vitro as determined by 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide assay and terminal deoxynucleotidyl transferase-mediated nick end labeling staining .	8	81
These results showed for the first time that chronic exposure to low doses of arsenic trioxide promoted lung carcinogenicity , in part by aberrantly upregulating FOXM1 and its associated oncogenes , when the tumor suppressor genes p53 and pRb were inactivated. � 2012 Wiley Periodicals , Inc .	
The carcinogenic ability of transformed cell colonies coincides with the expression levels of FOXM1 in in vitro anchorage-independent growth assays and in vivo tumor xenograft formation assays .	
The expression of FOXM1 , CDC6 , CDC25A , and Cyclin D1 was dynamically elevated at the gene transcription and protein levels in the process of cell transformation .	
The transformed NuLi-1 cells showed genomic instability in the form of copy number variation ( CNV ) at chromosome 1 , 5 , 6 , 18 , and 20 , but not loss of heterozygosity ( LOH ) .	
In reverse , the knockdown of FOXM1 in lung adenocarcinoma A549 cells or arsenic-transformed NuLi-1 cells significantly decreased anchorage-independent cell growth and tumor xenograft formation .	
The molecular events in arsenic-induced carcinogenicity remain to be defined .	
Environmental or occupational exposure to low doses of arsenic induces a series of health problems including cancer .	
Continuous in vitro exposure to 1 �M arsenic trioxide for 34 wks induced malignant cell transformation , as evidenced by enhanced anchorage-independent cell growth .	
In the NuLi-1 immortalized human lung epithelial cell line with p53 and pRb deficiency , exposure to low doses of arsenic trioxide for 72 h promoted cell proliferation and upregulated the gene transcription levels of FOXM1 , CDC6 , CDC25A , and cyclin D1 , which are both critical cell cycle regulatory genes and proto-oncogenes .	9	51	511	5	91
These results suggest that definition of specific DNA repair and checkpoint defects in subgroups of triple negative cancer might identify new treatment targets .	5	62	51	6
Disease-free survival was associated with subtype , Fhit and membrane ErbB4 expression level and aberrant expression of multiple DDR-associated proteins .	
Expression of Wwox and its interactor , ErbB4 , was highly significantly reduced in metastatic tissues vs. matched primary tissues , suggesting that Wwox signal pathway loss contributes to lymph node metastasis , perhaps by allowing survival of tumor cells that have detached from basement membranes , as proposed for the role of Wwox in ovarian cancer spread .	1	12
Cancer heterogeneity suggests that specific cancer subtypes will have distinct mechanisms of DNA damage survival , dependent on biological context .	
Landmark studies of the status of DNA damage checkpoints and associated repair functions in preneoplastic and neoplastic cells has focused attention on importance of these pathways in cancer development , and inhibitors of repair pathways are in clinical trials for treatment of triple negative breast cancer .	
In a multivariable model , triple negative cancers showed significantly reduced Fhit and Wwox , increased p53 and Ap2γ protein expression , and were significantly more likely than other subtype tumors to exhibit aberrant expression of two or more DDR-associated proteins .	
In this study , status of DNA damage response ( DDR)-associated proteins was examined in breast cancer subtypes in association with clinical features ; 479 breast cancers were examined for expression of DDR proteins γH2AX , BRCA1 , pChk2 , and p53 , DNA damage-sensitive tumor suppressors Fhit and Wwox , and Wwox-interacting proteins Ap2α , Ap2γ , ErbB4 , and correlations among proteins , tumor subtypes , and clinical features were assessed .	
PKI 166 treatment actively stimulated reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) and mitochondrial membrane depolarization .	a21	a2	a
Thus , during the development of human breast cancer , the enhancement of glycolytic activity depends primarily on the conversion of the PFK-1 , from PFK-L to PFK-P .	31	3
The Salmonella type III secretion system ( T3SS ) efficiently translocates heterologous proteins into the cytosol of eukaryotic cells .	
The isolate was susceptible to minocycline and gentamicin .	
This leads to an antigen-specific CD8 T-cell induction in mice orally immunized with recombinant Salmonella .	
The present work ( the DART study ) investigated the extent of inter-individual variation in DNA damage , the capacity for base excision repair ( BER ) and the responses of both variables to supplementation with an antioxidant supplement for 6 weeks .	
Recently , we have used Salmonella's T3SS as a prophylactic and therapeutic intervention against a murine fibrosarcoma .	
In this study , we constructed a recombinant Salmonella strain translocating the immunogenic H-2D(b)-specific CD8 T-cell epitope VILTNPISM ( KDR2 ) from the murine vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 2 ( VEGFR2 ) .	
VEGFR2 is a member of the tyrosine protein kinase family and is upregulated on proliferating endothelial cells of the tumor vasculature .	
After single orogastric vaccination , we detected significant numbers of KDR2-tetramer-positive CD8 T cells in the spleens of immunized mice .	
Histological findings further supported the protective effects of SIF against TPA-induced cutaneous damage .	
Thus , our results suggest that inhibitory effect of SIF on TPA-induced cutaneous inflammation includes inhibition of proinflammatory cytokines , attenuation of oxidative stress , activation of NF-κB and expression of COX-2 .	a21	a2	a
The efficacy of these cytotoxic T cells was evaluated in a prophylactic setting to protect mice from challenges with B16F10 melanoma cells in a flank tumor model , and to reduce dissemination of spontaneous pulmonary melanoma metastases .	
It is well established that aberrant production of inflammatory mediators has been associated with most the toxic manifestations and the genesis of different chronic diseases including cancer .	
The effects of both compounds on cell viability/proliferation ( WST-1 assay ) , [ 18F]-FDG uptake , lactate production and induction of apoptosis ( flow cytometric detection of caspase-3 ) were evaluated .	
We have studied the protective effects of SIF against TPA induced oxidative stress , pro-inflammatory cytokines level , activation of NF-κB , expression of COX-2 and ki-67 in mouse skin .	
Vaccinated mice revealed a reduction of angiogenesis by 62% in the solid tumor and consequently a significant decrease of tumor growth as compared to non-immunized mice .	7	71
Groups II , III and IV received topical application of TPA at the dose of 10 nmol/0.2 ml of acetone/animal/day , for 2 days .	
Animals of the groups III and IV were pre-treated with SIF 1.0 μg ( D1 ) and 2.0 μg ( D2 ) topically 30 min prior to each TPA administration , while groups I and V were given acetone ( 0.2 ml ) and SIF ( D2 ) , respectively .	
We have found that SIF pretreatment significantly inhibited TPA induced oxidative stress , proinflammatory cytokines production and activation of NF-κB .	a21	a2	a
SIF also inhibited the expression of COX-2 and ki-67 .	
PKI 166 is used to determine the effects of redox sensitive inhibition of EGFR , metastasis and apoptosis in epidermoid carcinoma .	
The aim of this study was to determine the role of phosphorylated Akt ( pAkt ) in angiogenesis and its correlation with vascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF)-A in gastric adenocarcinoma .	
CONCLUSIONS Our data show that diet-induced weight loss in obese individuals reduces colorectal inflammation and greatly modulates inflammatory and cancer-related gene pathways .	a	a2
These data imply that obesity is accompanied by inflammation in the colorectal mucosa and that diet-induced weight loss reduces this inflammatory state and may thereby lower CRC risk .	a	a2
Furthermore , the Snail-overexpressing CRC cells were more chemoresistant to oxaliplatin than control cells .	
Bioenergetic profiling of tumors is a new challenge of cancer research and medicine as therapies are currently being developed .	
The covalent modification of proteins with ubiquitin is required for accurate cell division in all eukaryotes .	
Ubiquitylation depends on an enzymatic cascade , in which E3 enzymes recruit specific substrates for modification .	
Among human E3s , the SCF ( Skp1-cullin1-F-box ) and the APC/C ( anaphase-promoting complex/cyclosome ) are known for driving the degradation of cell cycle regulators to accomplish irreversible cell cycle transitions .	
The cell cycle machinery reciprocally regulates the SCF and APC/C through various mechanisms , including the modification of these E3s or the binding of specific inhibitors .	
Recent studies have provided new insight into the intricate relationship between ubiquitylation and the cell division apparatus as they revealed roles for atypical ubiquitin chains , new mechanisms of substrate and E3 regulation , as well as extensive crosstalk between ubiquitylation enzymes .	
Here , we review these emerging regulatory mechanisms of ubiquitin-dependent cell cycle control and discuss how their manipulation might provide therapeutic benefits in the future .	
Two human neuroblastoma cell lines did not express CD70 .	
A screening of a panel of human glioma cell lines revealed that 11 of 12 cell lines expressed CD70 mRNA and protein .	
No alteration in CD70 expression was observed after glioma cell exposure to cytotoxic drugs such as lomustine .	
CD70 mRNA expression was enhanced by irradiation in 8 of 12 glioma cell lines in a p53-independent manner .	
However , ligation of CD27 can also induce apoptosis .	
Interactions of CD70 , a tumor necrosis factor-related cell surface ligand and its receptor , CD27 , are thought to play an important role for T- , B- , and natural killer-cell activation .	
We identified CD70 as a radioinducible gene in U87 MG glioma cells .	
Human glioblastoma is paradigmatic for cancer-associated immunosuppression .	
However , Nec-1 could reduce Caspase-8 activity significantly ( P < 0.05 , P < 0.01 ) and increase NF-kappa B protein expression ( P < 0.05 , P < 0.01 ) and finally decrease Caspase-3 activity ( P < 0.05 ) .	
CONCLUSION Nec-1 could reduce cell apoptosis induced by Al , through Caspase-8 pathway , and up-regulate the expression of NF-kappa B protein .	
These cell lines may prove useful to understand molecular changes in breast cancer progression , in particular basal-like breast cancer subtype with bad prognosis and no current treatment options .	
CD27 expression was not detected in any glioma cell line , and there was no evidence for autocrine or backward signaling of the CD70 system in human glioma cells .	
CD70 protein was also detected by immunocytochemistry in 5 of 12 glioblastomas and 3 of 4 anaplastic astrocytomas in vivo .	
The aim of this study was to evaluate the effects and molecular mechanisms of everolimus on Panc-1 human pancreatic cancer cells .	
Panc-1 human pancreatic cancer cells were treated with everolimus ( 10 μg/ml ) at selected time points ( 6 , 12 and 24 h ) .	
Cell proliferation and apoptosis were evaluated by MTT and flow cytometric analyses .	
The glycolytic activity was determined by measuring the activity of the key enzyme lactate dehydrogenase ( LDH ) and lactate production .	
The activity of mammalian target of rapamycin ( mTOR ) signaling was measured by western blotting .	
The expression of genes , including hexokinase 2 ( HK2 ) and microRNA-143 ( miR-143 ) , was evaluated by real-time polymerase chain reaction ( PCR ) .	
The administration of everolimus time-dependently inhibited proliferation and glycolysis and induced apoptosis in the Panc-1 human pancreatic cancer cells .	8	31	81	3
As the time of treatment with everolimus increased , the mTOR signaling activity decreased , indicated by lower phosphorylation levels of S6 kinase ; however , the phosphorylation levels of mTOR barely changed .	
Moreover , our data showed an everolimus-induced increase in miR-143 and decrease in HK2 in Panc-1 cells in a time-dependent manner .	
In conclusion , the current study indicates a novel role of everolimus in its antitumor effect as an inhibitor of glycolysis in Panc-1 human pancreatic cancer cells .	31	3
Thus far no therapeutic agent has proven beneficial in the treatment of this malignancy .	
Diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma ( DIPG ) is a fatal pediatric disease .	
During RT , WEE1 kinase controls the G2 cell cycle checkpoint allowing for repair of irradiation ( IR)-induced DNA damage .	
Hence , conventional DNA-damaging radiotherapy ( RT ) remains the standard treatment , providing transient neurological improvement without improving probability of overall survival .	
Inhibition of WEE1 by MK-1775 treatment of DIPG cells inhibited the IR-induced WEE1-mediated phosphorylation of CDC2 , resulting in reduced G2/M arrest and decreased cell viability .	9	51	511	5	91
Here we show that WEE1 kinase is one of the highest overexpressed kinases in primary DIPG tissues as compared to matching non-neoplastic brain tissues .	
Altogether , these results show that inhibition of WEE1 kinase in conjunction with RT holds potential as a therapeutic approach for the treatment of DIPG .	
Finally , we demonstrate that MK-1775 enhances the radiation response of E98-Fluc-mCherry DIPG mouse xenografts .	
We show that lymphocytes have significantly less mtDNA content and relatively lower baseline levels of damage than cancer cell lines .	
The predictive value of the Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center nomogram was calculated by the trend line and the area under the receiver-operator characteristic curve .	
Meanwhile , predictors for sentinel lymph node metastasis were also evaluated .	
OBJECTIVE To evaluate the risk factors for sentinel lymph node metastasis and validate the value of the Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center nomogram for the prediction of sentinel lymph node metastasis in breast cancer patients .	
It is thus shown that the sensitization in nanoparticles is enhanced due to auto-amplified electronic cascades inside the nanoparticles , which reinforces the energy deposition in the close vicinity of the metal .	
Finally , the combination of fast ion radiation ( hadron therapy ) with platinum nanoparticles should strongly improve cancer therapy protocols .	
It is observed in particular that nanoparticles enhance strongly lethal damage in DNA , with an efficiency factor close to 2 for double strand breaks .	612	61	6
METHODS A sentinel lymph node biopsy database containing 1227 consecutive breast cancer patients ( 416 patients with at least one positive sentinel lymph node ) was retrospectively analyzed .	
Further studies on DNA have been performed in order to better understand the fundamental processes of sensitization and to further improve the method .	
In this work , we propose a new strategy based on the combination of platinum nanoparticles with irradiation by fast ions effectively used in hadron therapy .	
Recently , the use of gold nanoparticles as potential tumor selective radiosensitizers has been proposed as a breakthrough in radiotherapy .	
Experiments in living cells and in vivo have demonstrated the efficiency of the metal nanoparticles when combined with low energy x-ray radiations ( below conventional 1 MeV Linac radiation ) .	
Furthermore , NMRI nu/nu mice that had been inoculated s.c. with SkBr3 cells were treated daily for four weeks with LPA ( i.p , 18.5 mg/kg ) starting at day 7 p.i. .	
RESULTS Tumor size , histological grade , lymphovascular invasion , mulifocality , estrogen receptor and progesterone receptor status were significant independent predictors for sentinel lymph node metastasis ( all P<0.01 ) .	1	12
Thus , WZB117 is a prototype for further development of anticancer therapeutics targeting Glut1-mediated glucose transport and glucose metabolism .	31	3
The Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center nomogram presented an area under the receiver-operator characteristic curve value of 0.730 .	
These results showed for the first time that K5 inhibits LLC growth and metastasis via the dual effects of anti-angiogenesis and suppression of tumor cell motility by targeting the pivotal molecule , HIF-1α .	1	12	7	71
K5 decreased HIF-1α protein level and impaired nuclear HIF-1α accumulation .	
Luteolin is a common dietary flavonoid found in fruits and vegetables .	
Angiogenesis , the formation of new blood vessels from pre-existing vascular beds , is essential for tumor growth , invasion , and metastasis .	
In vitro studies using rat aortic ring assay showed that luteolin at non-toxic concentrations significantly inhibited microvessel sprouting and proliferation , migration , invasion and tube formation of endothelial cells , which are key events in the process of angiogenesis .	7	71
We studied the antiangiogenic activity of luteolin using in vitro , ex vivo , and in vivo models .	
Gelatin zymographic analysis demonstrated the inhibitory effect of luteolin on the activation of matrix metalloproteinases MMP-2 and MMP-9 .	
Luteolin also inhibited ex vivo angiogenesis as revealed by chicken egg chorioallantoic membrane assay ( CAM ) and matrigel plug assay .	7	71
Proinflammatory cytokines such as IL-1β , IL-6 , IL-8 , and TNF-α level were significantly reduced by the treatment of luteolin in PC-3 cells .	
Western blot analysis showed that luteolin suppressed VEGF induced phosphorylation of VEGF receptor 2 and their downstream protein kinases AKT , ERK , mTOR , P70S6K , MMP-2 , and MMP-9 in HUVECs .	
CD31 and CD34 immunohistochemical staining further revealed that the microvessel density could be remarkably suppressed by luteolin .	7	71
Luteolin ( 10 mg/kg/d ) significantly reduced the volume and the weight of solid tumors in prostate xenograft mouse model , indicating that luteolin inhibited tumorigenesis by targeting angiogenesis .	
We investigated , using Tyr::CreER(T2)PTEN(F-/-)BRAF(F-V600E/+) inducible melanoma mice , whether BRAF(V600E) inhibition can synergize with anti-CTLA-4 mAb treatment , focusing on the interaction between the BRAF(V600E) inhibitor PLX4720 and the immune system .	
The combination of these diametric treatment approaches may further improve survival , but pre-clinical data concerning this approach is limited .	
While treatment with selective BRAF(V600E) inhibitors ( like vemurafenib or dabrafenib ) leads to high response rates but short response duration , CTLA-4 blocking therapies induce sustained responses , but only in a limited number of patients .	
The development of targeted therapies and immunotherapies has markedly advanced the treatment of metastasized melanoma .	
Furthermore , anti-CTLA-4 mAb treatment of inducible melanoma mice treated with PLX4720 did not result in enhanced tumor control , while anti-CTLA-4 mAb treatment did improve the effect of tumor-vaccination in B16F10-inoculated mice .	
As this effect was not observed upon treatment of BRAF wild-type B16F10 tumors , we conclude that the decreased frequency of immune cells correlates to BRAF(V600E) inhibition in tumor cells and is not due to an off-target effect of PLX4720 on immune cells .	2	21
More strikingly , PLX4720 treatment led to a decreased frequency of tumor-resident T cells , NK-cells , MDSCs and macrophages , which could not be restored by the addition of anti-CTLA-4 mAb .	
While PLX4720 treatment strongly decreased tumor growth , it did not induce cell death in BRAF(V600E)/PTEN(-/-) melanomas .	
Therefore , the potential effect of targeted therapy on the tumor-microenvironment should be taken into consideration in the design of clinical trials combining targeted and immunotherapy .	
Our data suggest that vemurafenib may negatively affect the immune activity within the tumor .	2	21
Treatment with PTH also increased bone mineral density of uninvolved murine bones in myelomatous hosts and bone mineral density of implanted human bones in nonmyelomatous hosts .	
In myelomatous bone , PTH markedly increased the number of osteoblasts and bone-formation parameters , and the number of osteoclasts was unaffected or moderately reduced .	
This cell line appears to represent the development of a more malignant clone with divergent receptor function and growth behavior , and provides us with an interesting new tool for the study of tumorigenesis in the human endometrium .	
Using the DNA sequencing technique , we have screened EJ cells for p53 mutation in exon 5 to 8 but no mutation of p53 was observed .	63	6
The cells show rapid growth in culture with a doubling time of 16 h and high migration activity .	11	1
We present a new cell line , EJ established from an invasive endometrioid adenocarcinoma of the uterine corpus in a 56-year-old patient .	11	1
METHODOLOGY/PRINCIPAL FINDINGS We tested the effects of daily administered parathyroid hormone ( PTH ) on bone disease and myeloma growth , and we investigated molecular mechanisms by analyzing gene expression profiles of unique myeloma cell lines and primary myeloma cells engrafted in SCID-rab and SCID-hu mouse models .	
PTH resulted in increased bone mineral density of myelomatous bones and reduced tumor burden , which reflected the dependence of primary myeloma cells on the bone marrow microenvironment .	
Treatment with PTH also downregulated markers typically expressed by osteoclasts and myeloma cells , and altered expression of genes that control oxidative stress and inflammation .	a21	a2	a
PTH receptors were not expressed by myeloma cells , and PTH had no effect on myeloma cell growth in vitro .	
Metformin is a well-established diabetes drug that prevents the onset of most types of human cancers in diabetic patients , especially by targeting cancer stem cells .	
Our finding that Pol \u03b4 dissociates at specific CFS sequences is significant , since dissociation of the replication machinery and inability to efficiently recover the replication fork can lead to fork collapse and/or formation of double-strand breaks in vivo .	
Our biochemical studies also extend the potential involvement of Y-family polymerases in CFS maintenance to include polymerase \u03ba .	
Analysis of DNA synthesis progression by human Pol \u03b4 demonstrated significant synthesis perturbation both at [ A](n) and [ TA](n) repeats in a length-dependent manner and at short ( <40 base pairs ) QP sequences .	
DNA synthesis by the Y-family polymerase \u03ba was significantly more efficient than Pol \u03b4 through both types of repetitive elements .	
Using DNA trap experiments , we show that Pol \u03b4 pauses within CFS sequences are sites of enzyme dissociation , and dissociation was observed in the presence of RFC-loaded PCNA .	
We propose that enrichment of microsatellite and QP elements at CFS regions contributes to fragility by perturbing replication through multiple mechanisms , including replicative Pol pausing and dissociation .	
Common fragile sites ( CFSs ) are hot spots of chromosomal breakage , and CFS breakage models involve perturbations of DNA replication .	
Here , we analyzed the contribution of specific repetitive DNA sequence elements within CFSs to the inhibition of DNA synthesis by replicative and specialized DNA polymerases ( Pols ) .	
The efficiency of in vitro DNA synthesis was quantitated using templates corresponding to regions within FRA16D and FRA3B harboring AT-rich microsatellite and quasi-palindrome ( QP ) sequences .	
QPs were predicted to form stems of self-homology , separated by 3-9 bases of intervening sequences .	
Recently , EMT was shown to be associated with the cancer stem cell ( CSC ) phenotype in breast cancer .	
Taken together , these findings suggest that the novel daphnane diterpenoids might provide lead candidates for the development of therapeutic agents for human lung cancers .	
Thus , the blood analysis with the multiple mtDNA end-points proposed in the current study may provide a simple and sensitive test to interrogate the nature and extent of systemic oxidative stress for a broad spectrum of clinical investigations .	a21	a2	a
In the present study , we found that novel daphnane diterpenoids , yuanhualine ( YL ) , yuanhuahine ( YH ) and yuanhuagine ( YG ) isolated from the flower of Daphne genkwa ( Thymelaeaceae ) , exhibited potent anti-proliferative activities against human lung A549 cells with the IC50 values of 7.0 , 15.2 and 24.7 nM , respectively .	
Our studies identify cancer cell mitochondria as a clear target for drug discovery and for novel therapeutic interventions .	
Especially , lung cancer is top-ranked in cancer-associated human death .	
Although the immense efforts have been made for cancer prevention , early diagnosis , and treatment , cancer morbidity and mortality has not been decreased during last forty years .	
Therefore , the elevation in inflammatory serum biomarkers may reflect a pathological state that decreases the clinical efficacy of this therapy .	a	a2
In the analysis of signal transduction molecules , the daphnane diterpenoids suppressed the activation of Akt , STAT3 and Src in human lung cancer cells .	
The cell-cycle arrests were well correlated with the expression of checkpoint proteins including the up-regulation of cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor p21 and p53 and down-regulation of cyclin A , cyclin B1 , cyclin E , cyclin dependent kinase 4 , cdc2 , phosphorylation of Rb and cMyc expression .	9	51	91	5	511
Thus , we conclude that the beneficial anticancer effects of mitochondrial inhibitors ( such as metformin ) may be attributed to the induction of mitochondrial dysfunction in the epithelial cancer cell compartment .	
Comparative examination of differentially expressed genes also identified divergently regulated orthologs .	
Comparable numbers of differentially expressed genes were observed at equivalent Cr concentrations ( μg Cr/g duodenum ) .	
Comparative analysis with B6C3F1 mouse data from a similarly designed study identified 2790 differentially expressed rat orthologs in the duodenum compared to 5013 mouse orthologs at day 8 , and only 1504 rat and 3484 mouse orthologs at day 91 .	
Automated dose-response modeling resulted in similar median EC₅₀s in the rodent duodenal and jejunal mucosae .	
Whole-genome microarrays identified 3269 and 1815 duodenal , and 4557 and 1534 jejunal differentially expressed genes at 8 and 91 days , respectively , with significant overlaps between the intestinal segments .	
Functional annotation identified gene expression changes associated with oxidative stress , cell cycle , cell death , and immune response that were consistent with reported changes in redox status and histopathology .	
Continuous exposure to high concentrations of hexavalent chromium [ Cr(VI) ] in drinking water results in intestinal tumors in mice but not rats .	
Concentration-dependent gene expression effects were evaluated in female F344 rat duodenal and jejunal epithelia following 7 and 90 days of exposure to 0.3-520 mg/L ( as sodium dichromate dihydrate , SDD ) in drinking water .	
CONCLUSIONS In contrast to HTLV-I , the HTLV-II-related retrovirus is not oncogenic in humans .	
Here we report that the HTLV-I p30 delays cell cycle progression while its homologue , HTLV-II p28 , does not , providing evidence for important differences between these two related retrovirus proteins .	9	51	91	5	511
In turn , this decreases the phosphorylation levels of Rb and prevents the release of E2F and its transcriptional activation of genes required for G1/S transition .	9	51	91	5	511
Our studies also show that HTLV-II p28 does not bind cyclin E and does not affect cell cycle progression .	9	51	91	5	511
Our data show that the biological consequences of VHL mutations are not necessarily predictable from the sequence change of the mutation and that for the majority of VHL mutations , the potential for the generation of mutant protein exists .	63	6
An intronic variant , c.341\u201111T>A , previously regarded as of unknown function , is associated with an increased level of skipping of exon 2 and may , therefore , reduce production of pVHL .	
However , mice accumulated higher Cr levels than rats at ≥ 170 mg/L SDD , resulting in a increase in the number of differentially expressed genes .	
These qualitative and quantitative differences in differential gene expression , which correlate with differences in tissue dose , likely contribute to the disparate intestinal tumor outcomes .	
The overall survival rate at 3 years was 93.3% and the relapse-free survival rate at 3 years was 89.4% with a median follow-up period of 38.5 months .	
Ground-glass opacity ( GGO ) ratio( soft tissue density area of the tumor/maximum area of the tumor in diameter ) was measured .	
Their preoperative computed tomography ( CT ) and positron emission tomography ( PET ) findings , carcinoembryonic antigen ( CEA ) values , clinico-pathological features and postoperative outcomes were analysed .	
Ninety-three patients with completely resected peripheral non-small cell lung cancer , clinically diagnosed 2 cm or less in diameter , were retrospectively reviewed .	
Patients who have more than a superficially invasive melanoma should also have inguinal lymph node dissection .	
Based on this experience , we recommend radical local excision for patients with malignant melanoma of the vulva .	
Radical vulvectomy did not seem to improve survival over less radical procedures .	
Cox regression analysis demonstrated prognostic significance for tumor thickness ( P less than 0.001 ) , inguinal node metastasis ( P less than 0.001 ) , and older age at diagnosis ( P less than 0.001 ) .	1	12
Immunoblots of P-450 enzymes confirmed constitutive expression of CYP2B1 in control lung and uninvolved lung tissue of tumor-bearing mice , but this P-450 enzyme was not detected in either adenomas or carcinomas .	
Lung CYP1A1 was inducible by beta-naphthoflavone in non-tumor-bearing mice and uninvolved tissue of tumor-bearing mice ; however , inducibility was decreased in adenomas and abolished in carcinomas .	
These results demonstrate resistance of lung tumor cells to chemically induced cytotoxicity and diminished expression of cytochrome P-450 enzymes in tumors .	
Studies were performed to test the hypothesis that urethane-induced murine lung tumors exhibit xenobiotic resistance and alterations in pulmonary cytochrome P-450 enzymes. 1,1-Dichloroethylene , naphthalene , and paraquat were administered to tumor-bearing and control mice to elicit acute lung cytotoxicity , and responses were evaluated in tumors ( papillary and solid ) , uninvolved surrounding tissue , and untreated control lung. 1,1-Dichloroethylene ( 125 mg/kg , i.p. ) and naphthalene ( 225 mg/kg , i.p. ) caused preferential necrosis of Clara cells in control lungs and uninvolved tissue of tumor-bearing lungs .	83	8
In contrast , papillary and solid tumors were both resistant to 1,1-dichloroethylene-induced cytotoxicity .	
Paraquat ( 10 , 20 mg/kg , i.v. ) elicited Clara cell damage in control lungs and uninvolved lung tissue of tumor-bearing mice , with minor disruption of the alveolar epithelium .	
Neither papillary nor solid tumors sustained any apparent cell damage from paraquat .	
Correspondingly , inhibition of PKCɛ in a TNBC cell model results in growth defects in two-dimensional ( 2D ) and three-dimensional ( 3D ) culture conditions and orthotopic xenografts .	
Using stable isotope labeling of amino acids in a cell culture phosphoproteomic approach , we find that CTNND1/p120ctn phosphorylation at serine 268 ( P-S268 ) occurs in a strictly PKCɛ-dependent manner , and that loss of PKCɛ signaling in TNBC cells leads to reversal of mesenchymal morphology and signaling .	
In a model of Ras activation , inhibition of PKCɛ is sufficient to block mesenchymal cell morphology .	
Finally , treatment with a PKCɛ ATP mimetic inhibitor , PF-5263555 , recapitulates genetic loss of function experiments impairing p120ctn phosphorylation as well as compromising TNBC cell growth in vitro and in vivo .	
Within the family of protein kinase C ( PKC ) molecules , the novel isoform PRKCE ( PKCɛ ) acts as a bona fide oncogene in in vitro and in vivo models of tumorigenesis .	
Previous studies have reported expression of PKCɛ in breast , prostate and lung tumors above that of normal adjacent tissue .	
Data from the cancer genome atlas suggest increased copy number of PRKCE in triple negative breast cancer ( TNBC ) .	
We find that overexpression of PKCɛ in a non-tumorigenic breast epithelial cell line is sufficient to overcome contact inhibition and results in the formation of cellular foci .	5	52
We demonstrate PKCɛ as a tractable therapeutic target for TNBC , where p120ctn phosphorylation may serve as a readout for monitoring patient response.Oncogene advance online publication , 1 April 2013 ; doi:10.1038/onc.2013.91 .	
To examine the molecular mechanism whereby GDF-15 inhibits CCN2-mediated angiogenesis , activation of α(V) β(3) integrins and focal adhesion kinase ( FAK ) was examined .	7
CCN2-mediated FAK activation was inhibited by GDF-15 and was accompanied by a decrease in α(V) β(3) integrin clustering in HUVEC cells .	
In the perfusate , 400 mg/kg 2-DG were added , and the rats were sacrificed at 10 days after perfusion .	
BaP could induce DNA damage and reduce cell viability , when compared with pol beta +/+ cells , IC50 of pol beta -/- cells was remarkably lower , DNA was prone to damage and more difficult to be repaired , on the other hand , IC50 of pol beta oe cells was obviously higher and the damage effect on DNA was weaker and prone to be repaired .	61	62	6
A nontreated control group was also added .	
A first control group underwent perfusion without 2-DG , and a second control group received i.v. infusion of 2-DG ( 400 mg/kg/30 min ) for 30 min over 5 days .	
METHODS pol beta wild-type cells ( pol beta +/+ ) , pol beta null cells ( pol beta -/- ) and wild-type pol beta overexpressed cells ( pol beta oe ) which had the same genetic background were studied .	
OBJECTIVE To clarify the relationship between the expression of pol beta and DNA damage /repair induced by Benzo(a)pyrene ( BaP ) .	
Seven days after the end of infusion , the animals were sacrificed .	
From day 5 after inoculation 2-DG ( 400 mg/kg/24 h ) was continuously infused into the hepatic artery for 5 days ; controls received saline in the same fashion .	
Our results indicate that the stimulatory effects of E(2) or CE on breast cancer cells could be completely abrogated by BZA .	
BZA effectively blocked each of these effects and showed no estrogen agonistic effects when used alone .	
The concentration of blood glucose increased in the rats receiving 2-DG i.v. and intraarterially but was unchanged in the other groups .	3
All animals survived the procedures .	
The PI3K/Akt/VEGF signalling pathway may be involved in gastric adeno carcinoma .	71	711	7	9	921	92
PURPOSE Idarubicin is a synthetic anthracycline anticancer drug widely used in the treatment of some hematological malignancies .	
The studies in our laboratory have clearly demonstrated that idarubicin can undergo reductive bioactivation by NADPH-cytochrome P450 reductase to free radicals with resulting formation of DNA strand breaks , which can potentially contribute to its genotoxic effects [ Celik , H. , Arinç , E. , Bioreduction of idarubicin and formation of ROS responsible for DNA cleavage by NADPH-cytochrome P450 reductase and its potential role in the antitumor effect .	
J Pharm Pharm Sci , 11(4):68-82 , 2008 ] .	
In the current study , our aim was to investigate the possible protective effects of several phenolic antioxidants , quercetin , rutin , naringenin , resveratrol and trolox , against the DNA-damaging effect of idarubicin originating from its P450 reductase-catalyzed bioactivation .	
METHODS DNA damage was measured by detecting single-strand breaks in plasmid pBR322 DNA using a cell-free agarose gel method .	
RESULTS Our results indicated that , among the compounds tested , quercetin was the most potent antioxidant in preventing DNA damage .	61	6
The PA present in cell cultures and THs was identified as of the u-PA type .	
A positive correlation was observed between tumor size and THs PA values in both tumors .	
PA activity in MM3 THs exhibited the same enhancement and late fall found in vitro .	
Secreted PA activity in MM3 CM was measurable at early stages and consistently increased up to 37 days post-transplantation , but a marked fall of activity was found at 48 days .	
PA activity in CM , CLs and THs , that was undetectable at early stages , increased significantly along the growth of M3 adenocarcinoma .	
Immunoneutralization and zymographic assays were performed to identify the PA present in both tumors .	
PA activity from conditioned media ( CM ) , cell lysates ( CLs ) and tumor homogenates ( THs ) was quantitated by means of a fibrinolytic assay .	
At different times post-transplantation , tumors were employed to prepare either primary cell cultures or homogenates .	
The aim of this work was to study the u-PA production , in vitro and in vivo , in a transplantable murine mammary adenocarcinoma ( M3 ) , moderately metastatic to lung , and in a related tumor variant ( MM3 ) , highly metastatic to the same organ , during tumor development .	
Urokinase-type plasminogen activator ( u-PA ) plays an important role in tumor growth and metastasis .	
Snail overexpression also led to an increase in metastasis formation in vivo ( P < 0.002 vs. control ) .	1	12
Our present findings suggest that pathological stimulation of nasopharyngeal tissue , caused by bacterial , viral or parasitic inflammation , may lead to nitrative and oxidative DNA lesions , caused by NO .	a21	a2	a
This may contribute to the cause and development of NPC .	
The mean value of serum 8-OHdG in the 36 NPC patients was 0.538 ± 0.336 ng/ml compared to 0.069 ± 0.059 ng/ml for the healthy controls .	
The difference in the serum levels of 8-OHdG between the NPC patients and controls was statistically significant ( P < 0.05 ) .	
From a pharmacological standpoint , when assessing cell growth inhibition using a median-dose analysis algorithm , the interaction between mifepristone and LY294002 was synergistic .	
The lethality caused by the combination mifepristone/LY294004 in two dimensional cell cultures was recapitulated in organized , tri-dimensional spheroids .	
Thus , 8-NitroG and 8-OHdG could be potential biomarkers for evaluating the risk of NPC .	
Better understanding of the molecular mechanisms underlying nitrative and oxidative DNA damage may provide clues to molecular targets for new approaches of NPC prevention .	a21	61	a2	a	6
In the resveratrol-treated cells , induction of apoptosis was confirmed by annexin V-based analyses and morphological changes .	8	81
The most surprising observation was that resveratrol treatment resulted in a gradual decrease in the expression of survivin , an antiapoptotic protein , during cell apoptosis .	8	81
These findings indicate that resveratrol inhibits the growth of human T cell lymphotrophic virus-1-infected cell lines , at least in part , by inducing apoptosis mediated by downregulation in survivin expression .	8	81
In view of the accumulating evidence that survivin may be an important determinant of a clinical response in adult T cell leukemia , our present findings have led to the suggestion that resveratrol , a common constituent of the human diet , merits further investigation as a potential therapeutic agent for this incurable disease .	
Resveratrol , a phytoalexin found in grapes and wine , has been shown to exhibit a wide range of pharmacological properties and is believed to play a role in the chemoprevention of human cancer .	
Resveratrol has also been shown to induce antiproliferation and apoptosis of several leukemia cell lines .	
In the present study , we investigated the effect of resveratrol in adult T cell leukemia .	
Our present observations showed that resveratrol induced growth inhibition in all five human T cell lymphotrophic virus-1-infected cell lines examined , with 50% effective dose of 10.4-85.6 mM .	
Direct co-culture of mouse or human tumor epithelial cell lines with CAFs restored the epithelial cells ' response to G129R , similar to that observed in mouse tumor chunks .	
G129R reduced tyrosine phosphorylation of Neu ( p-Neu ) in a dose-dependent manner ( IC50 μg/ml ) in tumor chunks , but had no effect on primary tumor epithelial cells grown in monolayer .	
Several studies have indicated that the cell-surface expressed nucleolin is implicated in tumorigenesis and angiogenesis , and represents an important target for cancer therapy .	
Here we show that treatment of rhabdoid tumor derived G401 cells with a nucleolin antagonist , the HB-19 pseudopeptide , could restore contact inhibition , impair anchorage-independent growth , and suppress tumor development in nude mice .	5	52
G401 cells grow without contact inhibition , which is an in vitro characteristic property of malignant tumor cells .	
At concentrations of HB-19 that does not affect cell viability and multiplication index , there is restoration of contact inhibition thus suggesting that HB-19 treatment causes reversion of the malignant phenotype .	5	52
Accordingly , HB-19 pretreated G401 cells lose the capacity to form colonies in soft agar .	
When assayed for tumorigenicity in nude mice , only 50% of mice injected with HB-19 pretreated G401 cells developed tumors with the mean tumor weight of 0.32 g , compared to 100% of mice injected with control G401 cells with the mean tumor weight of 2.36 g .	
Interestingly , the restoration of contact inhibition in HB-19 treated G401 cells is concomitant with marked reduction of transcripts coding the Wilms ' tumor 1 gene , matrix metalloproteinase-2 , epithelial isoform of CD44 , and vascular endothelial growth factor , whereas no apparent modification is detected for transcripts coding the proto-oncogene c-Myc , anti-apoptotic Bcl-2 , pro-apoptotic Bax , tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinase TIMP-1 , angiogenesis inhibitor TSP-1 , and growth factor Midkine .	
These findings indicate that the molecular mechanism of action of HB-19 on such highly malignant rhabdoid tumor cells is associated with a selective inhibitory effect on the expression of genes implicated in tumorigenesis and angiogenesis .	
However , the present study identified a number of novel observations .	
Immunocytochemical analysis showed that in these mice , RARα responsive genes such as Cyp26A1 , E-cadherin , cellular retinol-binding protein 1 ( CRBP1 ) and p27 , were up-regulated .	
In contrast , the mammary gland tumors of mice that responded poorly to Am580 treatment ( 37% ) expressed significantly higher levels of RARγ .	
The total PFK-1 levels were higher in human breast cancer tissues than in paracancer tissues , and further investigations revealed differential PFK-1 isoenzyme expression patterns between human breast cancer and paracancer tissues .	
METHODS : The effects of c-Myc on RAR isotype expression were evaluated in normal mouse mammary epithelium , mammary tumor cells obtained from the MMTV-Myc transgenic mouse model as well as human normal immortalized breast epithelial and breast cancer cell lines .	
The in vivo effect of the RARα-selective agonist 4-[(5,6,7,8-tetrahydro-5,5,8,8-tetramethyl-2-naphthyl)carboxamido]benzoic acid ( Am580 ) was examined in the MMTV-Myc mouse model of mammary tumorigenesis .	
RESULTS : Modulation of the RARα/β to RARγ expression in mammary glands of normal mice , oncomice , and human mammary cell lines through the alteration of RAR-target gene expression affected cell proliferation , survival and tumor growth .	
Treatment of MMTV-Myc mice with the RARα-selective agonist Am580 led to significant inhibition of mammary tumor growth ( P<0.001 ) , lung metastasis ( P<0.01 ) and extended tumor latency in 63% of mice .	
IL-23 directly enhanced the malignancy of the colon carcinoma cells .	
An autocrine mechanism via TGF-β production may underlie these effects .	
IL-23 is therefore a potential target for cancer immunotherapy .	
However , the homogeneity in IL-23R expression and the effects of IL-23 on colorectal carcinoma cells should be considered .	
Linear-regression analysis showed that , depending on the pathological stage of breast cancer , the expression of PFK-P was significantly positively correlated with the activity of PFK-1 .	
Cancers are characterized by an increasing glycolytic activity , which is called the Warburg effect .	
Although this phenomenon is well known , the mechanism of the enhanced rate of glycolysis in cancer has not yet been clearly recognized .	
The present study investigated the glycolytic rate , regulatory enzymatic activities and the expression of phosphofructokinase-1 ( PFK-1 ) in human breast cancer and paracancer tissues .	
In vitro functional analysis showed that over-expression of miR-362-3p in colon cancer cell lines reduced cell viability , and proliferation mainly due to cell cycle arrest .	9	51	511	5	91
E2F1 , USF2 and PTPN1 were identified as potential miR-362-3p targets by mRNA profiling of HCT116 cells over-expressing miR-362-3p .	
In conclusion , CAFs play a critical role in bridging the cross-talk between PRL and HER2/Neu in both mouse and human models of breast cancer .	
Subsequently , these genes were confirmed as direct targets by Luciferase reporter assays .	
In vivo , G129R reduced p-Neu levels in primary mammary tumors of mice in a time- and dose-dependent manner .	
The dichloromethane extract inhibited proliferation of HL-60 , human and mouse ALCL cells with an IC50 of 3.7 and 2.4µg/ml , respectively and arrested cells in the G2/M phase .	
Secondly , the most active extract was further tested in anaplastic large cell lymphoma ( ALCL ) cell lines of human and mouse origin .	
In conclusion , lung cancer cells have the capacity to generate C5a , a molecule that creates a favorable tumor microenvironment for lung cancer progression .	
C5a also contributed to the immunosuppressive microenvironment required for tumor growth .	2	22
In particular , blockade of C5a receptor significantly reduced myeloid-derived suppressor cells and immunomodulators ARG1 , CTLA-4 , IL-6 , IL-10 , LAG3 , and PDL1 ( B7H1 ) .	
In addition we found that PDA-66 induces mitotic arrest of cells in the G(2)/M phase of the cell cycle .	9	51	511	5	91
Firstly , extracts of increasing polarity were tested in HL-60 cells analyzing inhibition of cell proliferation and apoptosis induction .	
The present study investigates extracts of Neuolaena lobata , an anti-protozoan ethnomedicinal plant of the Maya , regarding its anti-neoplastic properties .	
These results suggest that B19 has more effective antitumor properties than curcumin , and is associated with the activation of ER stress and ROS in ovarian cancer cells .	
Furthermore , B19 induced the ER stress response , while curcumin had no effect on ER stress .	
At 20 �M , B19 induced significant apoptosis in CP70 cells .	8	81
A growth inhibitory effect was observed after treatment with B19 in a dose-dependent manner and with more potential than curcumin .	
The protein expression of the endoplasmic reticulum ( ER ) stress pathways , GRP78 , XBP-1 , ATF-4 and CHOP , was examined with Western blotting .	
Reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) were assessed by the fluorescent indicator DCF-DA .	
The proliferation of cells was detected with methyl thiazolyl tetrazolium ( MTT ) assay and apoptosis was examined by flow cytometry .	
The aim of the present study was to investigate the apoptosis of human ovarian cancer cell lines , A2780 and CP70 , induced by a novel curcumin analogue , B19 .	
Overexpression of RNPC1-GFP resulted in significantly increased levels of the p21 transcript and protein through a direct physical interaction between the RNPC1 protein and the p21 transcript .	
Furthermore , RNPC1 overexpression led to significant G₀/G₁ cell cycle accumulation and significantly enhanced cellular resistance to radiation .	
We hypothesize that RNPC1 contributes to resistance to radiation therapy through a p21-mediated cell cycle accumulation/arrest mechanism .	
Analysis revealed that p53 and RNPC1 expression were highest in the JH-EsoAd1 cell line and lowest in OE19 cells .	
This was associated with accumulation of cells in G₀/G₁. p21 expression , which was highest in OE19 cells and lowest in OE33 cells , was associated with relative intrinsic sensitivity to radiation .	
OE33 cells were transfected with a plasmid ( pCMV6-AC-GFP ) encoding a C-terminal GFP-tagged RNPC1 , and overexpression was confirmed by qPCR and fluorescence microscopy .	
Radiation combined with chemotherapy ( neo-CRT ) is increasingly the standard of care for the treatment of esophageal cancer , either as neoadjuvant therapy in multimodal protocols or as primary therapy .	
Unfortunately , of patients demonstrate little or no response to neo-CRT .	
Accordingly , understanding the molecular mechanisms of resistance to therapy may underpin significant advances through the identification of nonresponders either before or early in treatment .	
We previously identified the RNPC1 gene , which is important in stabilizing p21 , as being upregulated in the tumors of esophageal cancer patients who had a poor response to neo-CRT .	
Tbx3 expression is normally restricted to developmental embryonic tissues and promoting cell motility , but it is also aberrantly increased in various cancers and has been linked to tumor cell invasion and metastasis .	
Co-immunoprecipitation revealed the association between AR and estrogen receptor ( ER)-β or Src in UMUC3 cells and stronger associations with EGF treatment , implying the involvement of the AR/ER/Src complex in EGF-increased AR transactivation and cell growth .	9	93	92
Current results , thus , suggest that EGF promotes bladder cancer cell proliferation via modulation of AR signals .	
Taken together with our previous findings , crosstalk between EGFR and AR pathways can play an important role in the progression of bladder cancer .	9	93
IGS and IFD differ in that IGS usually presents with proteinuria , which is not observed in IFD .	
Inhibition of Akt prevented the antiautophagic effect of long exposure to smoking compounds , indicating that smoking-induced late activation of Akt prevents autophagy .	82	8
Repeated exposure to CSE/NNK ( 48 hours or longer ) abolished the early activation of autophagic markers .	82	8
The results revealed a central role for Akt kinase in mediating key procarcinogenic effects of smoking compounds .	
CONCLUSIONS : Long exposure of pancreatic ductal cells to smoking compounds inhibited apoptosis and autophagy .	82	81	8
Moreover , inhibiting EEF2K by either RNAi or NH125 , a small molecule inhibitor of the enzyme , rendered tumor cells more sensitive to curcumin and velcade , two anticancer agents that possess ER stress-inducing action .	
Suppression of the ER stress-activated autophagy via silencing of EEF2K aggravated ER stress and promoted apoptotic cell death in tumor cells .	82	81	8
Reactivation of signaling downstream of B-RAF is frequently associated with acquired resistance to B-RAF inhibitors , and the identification of B-RAF targets may therefore provide new strategies for managing melanoma .	
Besides the identification of several proteins not yet described as deregulated in oral carcinomas , the present study demonstrated for the first time the role of cofilin-1 in modulating cell invasion in oral carcinomas .	11	1
Prostaglandin E(2) ( PGE(2) ) receptor subtype EP(2) , which is coupled to cAMP metabolism , is known to mediate proliferation of primary human keratinocytes in vitro .	
These results could be useful to design treatments for non-APL malignancies and to enrich hematopoietic stem cells in clinically applicable settings .	
Our results suggest that the resistance to ATO in primitive UCB CD34+ cells is most likely related to its cell-cycle status .	91	9
We further show that the ATO resistance was not related to the expression of P-glycoprotein ( MDR-1 ) .	
Loss or gain of EP(2) receptor expression correlated with alterations in plating efficiencies but with modest affects on growth .	
When cell lines were studied in an organ culture model , anti-sense clones were highly invasive compared with vector controls and sense transfectants .	11	1
A marked increase in prostaglandin production is commonly seen in malignant lesions .	
Because prostaglandin receptors are known to undergo ligand-induced receptor down-regulation , we sought to determine whether EP(2) receptor down-regulation results in increased invasiveness .	
In vector controls , invasiveness was reproduced by ligand-dependent EP(2) receptor down-regulation as assessed by immunohistochemistry .	11	1
In addition , loss of EP(2) receptor expression was associated with decreased paxillin expression , a critical component of focal adhesion assembly .	9	93
Endoplasmic reticulum ( ER ) stress induces both autophagy and apoptosis yet the molecular mechanisms and pathways underlying the regulation of these two cellular processes in cells undergoing ER stress remain less clear .	
Thus , the availability of proteins such as receptor-interacting protein , Fas-associated death domain , and caspase-8 can determine whether TNFR1 activation will lead to apoptosis or to necrosis .	83	81	8
The expression of " growth arrest and DNA damage inducible genes 45 and 153 " is related to apoptotic induction of cells .	
Both steps are highly specific and efficient , leading to complete labeling regardless of the abundance of 5-hmC in genomic regions and giving extremely low background .	
Three genes have been implicated in Cbl malabsorption ; yet , only about 10% of reported cases have been molecularly studied to date .	
CRLF2 encodes the thymic stromal lymphopoietin ( TSLP ) receptor , which activates cell signaling in normal lymphocytes on binding its ligand , TSLP .	
The Warburg hypothesis of persisting glycolysis in tumors under normoxic conditions may thus not be valid for diffuse glioma .	31	3
Adults and children with high-risk CRLF2-rearranged acute lymphoblastic leukemia ( ALL ) respond poorly to current cytotoxic chemotherapy and suffer unacceptably high rates of relapse , supporting the need to use alternative therapies .	
In a large number of primary CRLF2-rearranged ALL samples , we observed increased basal levels of pJAK2 , pSTAT5 , and pS6 .	
METHODS Her4 expression was reduced with small-hairpin RNA ( shRNA ) to over express intracellular HER4 , and the authors tested its impact on tumor cell survival under various culture conditions .	
The resulting changes in gene expression after HER4 knockdown were measured by using a messenger RNA ( mRNA ) array .	
RESULTS HER4 expression was up-regulated in tumor spheres compared with the expression in monolayer culture .	9	93
With HER4 knockdown , NBL cells became less resistant to anoikis and serum starvation .	
BACKGROUND Neuroblastoma ( NBL ) is a common pediatric solid tumor , and outcomes for patients with advanced neuroblastoma remain poor despite extremely aggressive treatment .	
Chemotherapy resistance at relapse contributes heavily to treatment failure .	
The poor survival of patients with high-risk NBL prompted this investigation into novel treatment options with the objective of gaining a better understanding of resistance mechanisms .	
On the basis of previous work and on data from publicly available studies , the authors hypothesized that human epidermal growth factor receptor 4 ( Her4 ) contributes to resistance .	
TSLP stimulation of these leukemias further induced robust JAK/STAT and PI3K/mTOR pathway signaling .	921	92	9
Moreover , HER4 knockdown increased the chemosensitivity of NBL cells to cisplatin , doxorubicin , etoposide , and activated ifosfamide .	
In mRNA array analysis , HER4 knockdown predominately altered genes related to cell cycle regulation .	9	51	511	5	91
We thus characterized the biochemical sequelae of CRLF2 and JAK alterations in CRLF2-rearranged ALL primary patient samples via analysis of TSLP-mediated signal transduction .	
Moreover , curcumin induced the expression of cyclin dependent kinase inhibitor genes p21 and p27 , while it inhibited the expression of numerous genes , including Bcl-2 , cyclin D1 , CDK2 , CDK4 and CDK6 .	511	5	51
DNA SSB in MNC of radiotherapy technicians who use ( 60)Co-gamma source in their works were detected by alkaline filter elution and compared to control subjects .	
After transiently silencing AGR2 or stimulating with recombinant AGR2 , modulation of key regulators of growth and survival pathways was assessed with Western blot .	
Combination studies of AGR2 knockdown with the antiestrogens tamoxifen and fulvestrant were carried out and assessed at the level of anchorage-dependent growth inhibition and target modulation ( cyclin D1 , ER ) .	
The impact of silencing AGR2 was evaluated in both anchorage-dependent and anchorage-independent growth ( soft agar , spheroid ) assays .	
Cell-cycle profiles in ER-positive cell lines were determined with BrdU incorporation , and cell death was measured with Annexin V , JC-1 , and F7-26 staining .	
Although emerging evidence indicates that AGR2 is associated with poor prognosis , its function and impact on cancer-relevant pathways have not been elucidated in breast cancer .	
METHODS To investigate the biologic role of AGR2 in breast cancer , AGR2 was transiently knocked down , by using siRNA , in T47 D and ZR-75-1 ( estrogen receptor-alpha ( ER)-positive ) and MDA-MB-231 and SK-BR-3 ( ER-negative ) human breast cancer cell lines .	
INTRODUCTION Anterior-gradient 2 ( AGR2 ) is an estrogen-responsive secreted protein .	
Its upregulation has been well documented in a number of cancers , particularly breast cancer , for which mixed data exist on the prognostic implications of AGR2 expression .	
Whole genome duplications ( WGDs ) are considered to have been a driving force in the generation of evolutionary diversity that is characteristic of higher eukaryotes .	
The ancestor of salmonids underwent two additional WGDs compared to mammals , one ( 3R ) at the base of the teleost radiation and another ( 4R ) in the common ancestor of extant salmonids .	
We have chosen the fatty acid binding protein ( fabp ) gene family as a model to study the fate of duplicated genes in teleosts following WGDs .	
As previously described for zebrafish , we identified two copies ( fabp7a and fabp7b ) of the brain-type fabp gene in several fish including rainbow smelt , but there was only a single transcript in northern pike , the closest relative of the salmonids , and two rather than the expected four fabp7 genes in Atlantic salmon , rainbow trout and grayling .	
A phylogenetic analysis revealed that a loss of the fabp7a gene occurred in the common ancestor of the northern pike and salmonids after it had diverged from the rainbow smelt , and that the 4R WGD then gave rise to the fabp7bI and fabp7bII observed in salmonids .	
This is supported by genetic mapping that placed the Atlantic salmon duplicated fabp7b genes on homeologous chromosomes .	
RESULTS AGR2 knockdown inhibited growth in anchorage-dependent and anchorage-independent assays , with a more-pronounced effect in ER-positive cell lines .	
Cyclin D1 levels and BrdU incorporation were reduced with AGR2 knockdown .	91	9
We report the formation , detection , quantitation and structural characterization of products resulting from the adduction of deoxynucleosides ( deoxyadenosine , deoxyguanosine , deoxycytidine and 5-methyldeoxycytidine ) to the catechol estrogens ( CE ) of estrone , estradiol-17beta and estradiol-17 alpha .	
The crude products are obtained in a one-pot synthesis through oxidation of catechols to quinones and subsequent Michael-type reaction with the deoxynucleosides in acidic medium .	
In all experiments , adducts are detected by electrospray ionization mass spectrometry analysis after HPLC separation ( LC/ESI/MS(n) ) .	
The two pyrimidines deoxycytidine and 5-methyldeoxycytidine yield only CE adducts to deoxynucleosides , which correspond to stable adducts on DNA .	61	611	6
For purines , the results depend on the CE ( 2,3- or 3,4-catechols ) used , the function and configuration on carbon 17 ( ketone for estrone , alcohol for alpha and beta isomers of estradiol ) , and on the purine itself ( deoxyadenosine or deoxyguanosine ) .	
Both stable adducts and deglycosylated adducts are formed , and therefore formation of stable adducts on DNA as well as the loss of purines from the DNA strands could be possible .	61	611	6
MS(2) and MS(3) experiments prove to be relevant for further structural determinations , enabling in some cases the elucidation of the regiochemistry of adduction on the A and B rings of the steroid moiety .	61	611	6
Fe-NTA also significantly activated nuclear factor kappa B ( NFkappaB ) and upregulated the expression of downstream genes : cyclooxygenase 2 and inducible nitric oxide synthase and enhancing the production of proinflammatory cytokines : tumor necrosis factor alpha ( TNF-alpha ) and interleukin-6 ( IL-6 ) .	a	a2
Administration of Fe-NTA ( 10 mg/kg bd wt , i.p. ) to Swiss albino mice induced marked oxidative stress in kidney , evident from augmentation in renal metallothionein ( MT ) expression , depletion of glutathione content and activities of antioxidant and phase II metabolizing enzymes , and enhancement in production of aldehyde products such as 4-hydroxy-2-nonenal .	a21	a2	a
The present study was undertaken to explore protective effect of silymarin , a flavonolignan from milk thistle ( Silybum marianum ) , against Fe-NTA mediated renal oxidative stress , inflammation and tumor promotion response along with elucidation of the implicated mechanism(s) .	
Ferric nitrilotriacetate ( Fe-NTA ) is a potent nephrotoxicant and a renal carcinogen that induces its effect by causing oxidative stress .	
From these results , it could be concluded that silymarin markedly protects against chemically induced renal cancer and acts plausibly by virtue of its antioxidant , anti-inflammatory and antiproliferative activities .	a21	a2	a
Silymarin also suppressed Fe-NTA induced hyperproliferation in kidney , ameliorating renal ornithine decarboxylase activity and DNA synthesis .	
It further augmented MT expression , restored the antioxidant armory , ameliorated NFkappaB activation and decreased the expression of proinflammatory mediators .	a	a2
However , feeding of 0.5% and 1% silymarin diet conferred a significant protection against Fe-NTA induced oxidative stress and inflammation .	a21	a2	a
All of these findings establish that p21 mediates senescence by a mechanism involving ROS accumulation which does not require either its PCNA binding or the CDK inhibitory functions shared with p16 .	a	a21	9	a2	91
A p21 mutant that lacked the ability to bind proliferating cell nuclear antigen ( PCNA ) retained the ability to induce both ROS and permanent growth arrest .	a	a21	9	a2	91
Reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) , a byproduct of oxidative processes , can also induce an irreversible growth arrest similar to senescence .	
The cyclin-dependent kinase ( CDK ) inhibitor p21(Waf1/Cip1/Sdi1) was identified initially as a gene induced in senescent cells and itself has been shown to cause permanent growth arrest/senescence .	
N-acetyl-L-cysteine , an ROS inhibitor , rescued p21-induced senescence , showing that ROS elevation is necessary for induction of the permanent growth arrest phenotype. p16(Ink4a) , a CDK4- and CDK6-specific inhibitor , failed to increase ROS levels , and cell cycle arrest induced by p16 was reversible following its down-regulation , demonstrating the specificity of this p21 effect .	
Here we show that p21 increased intracellular levels of ROS both in normal fibroblasts and in p53-negative cancer cells .	a21	a2	a
A high DDR score significantly correlated with low tumor response to EC and EC + docetaxel whereas other clinicopathological factors analyzed did not .	
CONCLUSIONS High performing DDR focus formation resulted in tumor resistance to DNA damage-inducing chemotherapy .	
Our results suggested an importance of evaluation of DDR competence to predict breast cancer chemosensitivity , and merits further studying into its usefulness in exclusion of non-responder patients .	
SCC in immunocompetent patients and OTRs was associated with a mixed Th1 and Th2 gene expression signature .	2	21
METHODS We present a large genetic screening study of 154 families or patients with suspected hereditary Cbl malabsorption .	
Cytostatic effects of PSC 833 were converted to cytotoxic end-point by acid ceramidase inhibition .	
Here , we provided evidence that the influx of extracellular Ca(2+) triggered by Trichokonin VI ( TK VI ) , an antimicrobial peptide , induced calpain-dependent apoptosis and autophagy in hepatocellular carcinoma ( HCC ) cells .	82	81	8
Remarkably , TK VI preferentially induced apoptosis that was associated with calpain-mediated Bax and Atg5 cleavage , which resulted in the collapse of the mitochondrial membrane potential and cytochrome c release .	8	81
Calcium ( Ca(2+) ) signals are involved in important checkpoints in cell death pathways and promote both apoptosis and autophagy .	
Antiangiogenic agents have the potential to modulate the tumor microenvironment and improve immunotherapy , but they often are used at high doses in the clinic to prune tumor vessels and paradoxically may compromise various therapies .	
This accumulation of ROS resulted in the subsequent disposal of damaged mitochondria within autophagosomes via Atg5-mediated and mitochondria-selective autophagy .	a	a21	a2	82	8
Both the inhibition of calpain activity and Bax deficiency activated a switch that promoted an enhancement of autophagy .	82	8
Interestingly , truncated , but not full-length Atg5 , associated with Bcl-xL and promoted the intrinsic pathway .	
Moreover , TK VI treatment induced reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) accumulation , an effect in which Bak might play a major role .	a21	a2	a
The inhibition of both apoptosis and autophagy significantly attenuated the TK VI cytotoxicity , indicating that the two processes had stimulatory effects during TK VI-meditated cell death .	82	81	8
These results suggested that calpain , Bak and Atg5 were molecular links between autophagy and apoptosis and revealed novel aspects of the crosstalk between these two processes .	82	81	8
CONCLUSIONS : Our findings are consistent with the hypothesis that IGFBP-6 inhibits cell growth by binding to endogenously produced IGF-II , thereby preventing IGF-II from interacting with the IGF-I receptor to stimulate cellular proliferation by an autocrine mechanism .	
These results indicate that suppression of IGFBP-6 secretion correlates with an increase in the basal rate of Caco-2 cell growth .	
Skin adjacent to SCC in OTRs showed Th2 expression pattern as compared with immunocompetent patients .	2	21
The genetic heterogeneity and numerous differential diagnoses make clinical assessment difficult .	
Cytospins of peritoneal fluid from SR/CR mice after cancer cell injection showed formations of immune cells morphologically resembling polymorphonuclear granulocytes and macrophages adjoining the cancer cells .	
METHODS : To test the converse hypothesis that inhibition of endogenous IGFBP-6 secretion stimulates Caco-2 cell proliferation , cells were transfected with the antisense IGFBP-6 expression construct or pcDNA3 vector only , and single colonies resistant to G418 sulfate were isolated .	
BACKGROUND : Previously , we have observed that highly unsaturated dietary ( n-3 ) fatty acids inhibit cell proliferation in conjunction with stimulation of insulin-like growth factor-binding protein ( IGFBP)-6 secretion in Caco-2 cells , a human colon carcinoma cell line .	
Both the control and antisense clones grew in serum-free medium reaching a plateau density at day eight .	
RESULTS : Our initial studies indicated that three antisense clones grew faster and produced less IGFBP-6 than two pcDNA3 clones , so antisense IGFBP-6 #5 and pcDNA3 #8 were selected for further detailed analysis .	
Northern blot , ligand blot and immunoblot analyses revealed that accumulation of IGFBP-6 mRNA and concentrations of IGFBP-6 peptide produced by the antisense clone were decreased by 80-90% compared to the control .	
However , the antisense clone grew at a rate faster than that of the control and reached a final density that was 31 +/- 3% higher than the control .	
Exogenous IGF-I and IGF-II ( 0.2-200 nmol/L ) stimulated proliferation of both the control and antisense clones in a dose-dependent manner , but the relative potency and efficacy of IGF-II was higher in the antisense clone compared to the control .	9	92
The doubling times of the antisense and control clones were 21.9 +/- 0.4 and 24.8 +/- 0.3 h ( P < 0.05 ) , respectively .	
Here , we demonstrate that targeting tumor vasculature with lower vascular-normalizing doses , but not high antivascular/antiangiogenic doses , of an anti-VEGF receptor 2 ( VEGFR2 ) antibody results in a more homogeneous distribution of functional tumor vessels .	7	71
A relative decrease in influx of B-cells compared with controls was demonstrated .	
Apoptosis was measured by DNA fragmentation , autophagy by acridine orange staining , and cell cycle was assessed by flow cytometry and RB phosphorylation .	
By fluorescence-activated cell sorting analysis , the immune response of SR/CR mice after intraperitoneal injection of cancer cells was investigated and compared with parent strain mice .	
PURPOSE : Acid ceramidase ( AC ) occupies an important place in the control of cancer cell proliferation .	
A massive influx of leukocytes into the peritoneal cavity was found .	
Mutants of S.cerevisiae defective in base excision repair and recombinational repair were more sensitive to DPDT .	
The results of a lactate dehydrogenase leakage assay suggest that DPDT is cytotoxic to V79 cells .	
At cytotoxic concentrations , this compound increased thiobarbituric reactive species levels and decreased the glutathione:GSSH ratio in yeast and V79 cells .	
DPDT generated single- and double-strand DNA breaks in V79 cells , both with and without metabolic activation , as revealed by alkaline and neutral comet assays .	612	61	6
Diphenyl ditelluride ( DPDT ) is a potential prototype for the development of novel biologically active molecules .	
Thus , it is important to evaluate the toxic effects of this compound .	
In the present study , we evaluated the cytotoxic , genotoxic and mutagenic properties of DPDT in Chinese hamster fibroblast ( V79 ) cells , in strains of the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae both proficient and deficient in several DNA repair pathways and in Salmonella typhimurium .	
DPDT induced frameshift mutations in both S.typhimurium and a haploid wild-type strain of S.cerevisiae .	
Despite the multifold increases in ( dihydro)ceramide levels , cells were refractory to PSC 833 .	
The tumor cell targeting and destruction mechanisms have not been identified .	
Moreover , an induction of oxidative DNA base damage was indicated by a modified comet assay using formamidopyrimidine DNA glycosylase and endonuclease III .	61	6
Treatment with DPDT also induced micronucleus formation in V79 cells .	
Since MCF-7 cells are representative of cancer cells that do not readily undergo apoptosis , consideration of senescence pathways may play a role in targeting stem cells from such tumors .	42	4
However , PSC 833 produced a dose-dependent decrease in DNA synthesis and dose- and time-dependent decreases in RB phosphorylation , consistent with cell cycle arrest as demonstrated at G1 .	91	9
AC was measured in intact cells using fluorescent substrate .	
Mutants of Nm23-H1 , which lacked the binding ability with Tiam1 , or \u03b1-catenin did not restore CIL .	
CONCLUSION To the best of our knowledge , this is the first reported case of metastatic renal epithelioid hemangioendothelioma treated successfully with sunitinib .	1	12
RESULTS : Exposure of human PANC-1 or MIA-PaCa-2 cells to PSC 833 promoted increases in de novo ( dihydro)ceramides , ( dihydro)glucosylceramides , and ( dihydro)sphingomyelins , demarking ceramide generation and robust metabolism .	
E6-associated protein ( E6-AP ) is a dual function protein .	
It acts as an E3 ubiquitin-protein ligase enzyme and coactivator of steroid hormone receptors such as estrogen ( ERα ) and progesterone ( PR ) receptors .	
It promotes the degradation of ERα and PR through the ubiquitin-proteasome pathway .	
Furthermore , it has been shown that the levels of E6-AP are inversely associated with that of ERα in human breast tumors .	
But the role of wild-type human E6-AP and its ubiquitin-protein ligase activity in mammary tumorigenesis is still unknown .	
To investigate this role , the authors utilized transgenic mice lines that specifically overexpress either the wild-type human E6-AP ( E6-AP(WT) ) or the ubiquitin-protein ligase defective E6-AP that contains C833S mutation ( E6-AP(C833S) ) in the mammary gland .	
To further substantiate the role of E6-AP in the development of breast tumorigenesis , it was also examined the expression of E6-AP in a large cohort of human breast cancer samples .	
The transgenic mice that overexpress wild-type E6-AP ( E6-AP(WT) ) fail to develop mammary tumors .	
Unlike the E6-AP(WT) mice , the E6-AP(C833S) mice that overexpress ubiquitin-protein ligase defective E6-AP protein develop mammary hyperplasia with a median latency of 18months .	
These observations suggest that the inactivation of the ubiquitin-protein ligase function of E6-AP is sufficient to initiate the process of mammary tumor development .	
Notably , increased endogenous DNA damage was observed in NEIL2 variant ( R257L)-expressing cells relative to WT cells .	
Taken together , our results suggest that the decreased DNA repair capacity of the R257L variant can induce mutations that lead to lung cancer development .	
Human NEIL2 , one of five oxidized base-specific DNA glycosylases , is unique in preferentially repairing oxidative damage in transcribed genes .	
Here we show that depletion of NEIL2 causes a 6-7-fold increase in spontaneous mutation frequency in the HPRT gene of the V79 Chinese hamster lung cell line .	
This prompted us to screen for NEIL2 variants in lung cancer patients ' genomic DNA .	
We identified several polymorphic variants , among which R103Q and R257L were frequently observed in lung cancer patients .	
In this review , we describe a novel concept of using dietary supplementation of inorganic nitrate to reduce DOX-induced cardiac cellular damage and dysfunction , based on our recent promising studies in a mouse model of DOX cardiotoxicity .	
Our data show that chronic oral ingestion of sodium nitrate , at a dose equivalent to of the Acceptable Daily Intake of the World Health Organization , alleviated DOX-induced left ventricular dysfunction and mitochondrial respiratory chain damage .	
Such cardioprotective effects were associated with reduction of cardiomyocyte necrosis/apoptosis , tissue lipid peroxidation , and mitochondrial H(2)O(2) generation following DOX treatment .	
Furthermore , proteomic studies revealed enhanced cardiac expression of mitochondrial antioxidant enzyme - peroxiredoxin 5 in the nitrate-treated animals .	
Doxorubicin ( DOX ) is one of the most powerful and widely prescribed chemotherapeutic agents to treat divergent human cancers .	
However , the clinical use of DOX is restricted due to its severe cardiotoxic side-effects .	
There has been ongoing search for cardioprotectants against DOX toxicity .	
Inorganic nitrate has emerged as a bioactive compound that can be reduced into nitrite and nitric oxide in vivo and in turn plays a therapeutic role in diseases associated with nitric oxide insufficiency or dysregulation .	
These studies suggest that inorganic nitrate could be an inexpensive therapeutic agent for long-term oral administration in preventing DOX-induced cardiac toxicity and myopathy during the prolonged pathological process .	
Future clinical trials in the cancer patients undergoing DOX chemotherapy are warranted to translate these experimental findings into an effective new therapy in preventing the DOX-induced cardiomyopathy .	
RESULTS In vivo imaging of choline/n-acetyl aspartate ratios via multivoxel MRS is better able to evaluate response to therapy than CE-MRI .	
Mitochondrial DNA ( mtDNA ) is known to be more sensitive to oxidative damage than nuclear DNA but is rarely used for direct measurement of DNA damage in clinical studies .	
In contrast , glycolysis was observed in hypoxic areas in angiogenesis-dependent compact regions of glioma only , especially after anti-angiogenic treatment .	31	7	71	3
Lactate imaging revealed that diffuse infiltrative areas in glioblastoma xenografts did not present with excessive glycolysis .	31	3
Monitoring tumor progression in these patients is thwarted because therapy results in tumor invisibility in contrast-enhanced ( CE ) MRI .	
In conclusion , these results confirm earlier studies and verify the anti-metastatic potential of NM .	1	12
METHODS We treated groups of BALB/c nu/nu mice carrying different orthotopic diffuse-infiltrative glioblastoma xenografts with bevacizumab ( anti-vascular endothelial growth factor [ VEGF ] antibody , n = 13 ) , cabozantinib ( combined VEGF receptor 2/c-Met tyrosine kinase inhibitor , n = 11 ) , or placebo ( n = 15 ) and compared CE-MRI with MRS-derived metabolic maps before , during , and after treatment .	
To address this problem , we examined whether tumor progression could be monitored by metabolic mapping using ( 1)H MR spectroscopic imaging ( MRSI ) .	
CONCLUSIONS Our study suggests that the novel mutation D384G of MYOC is likely responsible for the pathogenesis of POAG in this pedigree .	63	6
Furthermore , we show that glycolysis is more prominent in hypoxic areas than in areas of diffuse infiltrative growth .	31	3
CONCLUSION Our data present MRSI as a powerful and feasible approach that is superior to CE-MRI and may provide handles for optimizing treatment of glioma .	
OBJECTIVE Chronic generation of inflammatory cytokines and reactive oxygen species are implicated in atherosclerosis , aging , cancers , and other chronic diseases .	
We hypothesized that zinc induces A20 in premonocytic , endothelial , and cancer cells , and A20 binds to tumor necrosis factor ( TNF)-receptor associated factor , and inhibits Iκ kinase-α ( IKK-α)/nuclear factor-κB ( NF-κB ) , resulting in downregulation of TNF-α and interleukin-1β ( IL-1β ) .	
METHODS To test this hypothesis , we used HL-60 , human umbilical vein endothelial cells , and SW480 cell lines under zinc-deficient and zinc-sufficient conditions in this study .	
We measured oxidative stress markers , inflammatory cytokines , A20 protein and mRNA , A20-FRAF-1 complex , and IKK-α/NF-κB signaling in stimulated zinc-deficient and zinc sufficient cells .	
We also conducted antisense A20 and siRNA studies to investigate the regulatory role of zinc in TNF-α and IL-1β via A20 .	
RESULTS We found that zinc increased A20 and A20-tumor necrosis factor-receptor associated factor-1 complex , decreased the IKK-α/NF-κB signaling pathway , oxidative stress markers , and inflammatory cytokines in these cells compared with zinc-deficient cells .	a21	a2	a
We confirmed that zinc-induced A20 contributes to downregulation of TNF-α and IL-1β by antisense and short interfering RNA A20 studies .	
CONCLUSION Our studies suggest that zinc suppresses generation of NF-κB-regulated inflammatory cytokines by induction of A20 .	a	a2
The growth inhibition was accompanied with a sustained reduction of both total and phosphorylated KIT proteins and the induction of apoptosis in both cell lines .	8	81
Changes of nuclei morphology , reactive oxygen species generation , presence of hypodiploid cells , phosphatidylserine translocation , mitochondrial membrane depolarization , immunohistochemical identification of cell death signalling molecules , and pharmacological inhibition were assayed to detect the apoptotic cell death pathways .	
The secretion of latent and active TGF beta I appeared to be quite variable from one clone to the other , but was unrelated to tumorigenicity .	
The results show an absence of relationship between tumorigenicity and expression of MHC-class-I antigens , cell adhesion to rat fibroblasts or fibroblast extracellular matrix .	2	21
These clones display variable tumorigenic potential in syngeneic immunocompetent animals , and it has been established that in this model the tumorigenicity of the cells depends on their ability to escape immune surveillance .	
We analyzed several factors which could influence the immunogenicity of colon tumor cells , using a series of clones derived from a single chemically induced rat adenocarcinoma cell line .	
Finally , the strongest relationship with tumorigenicity was found for expression of blood-group carbohydrate antigens .	
They also showed arrest of cell proliferation after reaching confluence , something not observed in the less tumorigenic clones .	
In contrast , the more tumorigenic clones were more resistant than less tumorigenic ones to cytotoxicity mediated by NK or LAK cells .	
Unexpectedly , some regressive clones produced elevated levels of this cytokine , suggesting that in this model , spontaneous secretion of TGF beta I is not sufficient to impair the immune system of the host .	2	21
Increased expression of blood-group-H antigen and , conversely , decreased expression of beta-galactoside precursors of this antigen correlated with increased tumorigenicity .	
ERβ is considered to have a protective role in breast cancer development based on findings demonstrating that ERβ expression inhibits ERα-mediated proliferation of breast cancer cells .	
A \u03947 strain was created with all seven E. coli mechanosensitive channel genes deleted .	
Expression of native YbiO is NaCl-specific and RpoS-dependent .	
Purified homologs exhibit high molecular masses that are consistent with heptameric assemblies .	
High level expression of YnaI , YbiO or YjeP proteins from a multicopy plasmid in the \u03947 strain ( MJFGH ) leads to substantial protection against hypoosmotic shock .	
HD could be safely performed with nafamostat mesilate on the day after operation in most patients .	
If hyperkalemia and pulmonary edema are resistant to conservative managements , an emergency HD is required .	
During operation , gentle operative maneuver and complete hemostatic technique are required to reduce a risk of postoperative bleeding .	
An adequate amount of antibiotics should be administrated to avoid a surgical site infection .	
Pulmonary edema due to volume overload and hyperkalemia are the most dangerous postoperative complications .	
Infusion should be conducted with potassium-free solution at 20 ml/h until the restart of HD .	
Patients on hemodialysis ( HD ) who undergo lung resection represent a high risk group requiring a careful perioperative management .	
To access a cardiac risk of HD patients a complete cardiac examination must be conducted preoperatively .	
The patients should undergo sufficient courses of HD to ameliorate electrolyte imbalance and volume disturbance before surgery .	
An elective operation should be scheduled on the day after HD .	
Conversely , clotrimazole and SKF525A , inhibitors of cytochrome P-450 enzymes , had effects similar to those of ketoconazole on HT29-S-B6 cells whereas metronidazole and secnidazole , other azole derivatives which do not inhibit cytochrome P-450 enzymes , had no effect .	
The results suggest that cytochrome P-450 enzyme(s) activity(ies) could be implicated in the antiproliferative effects of ketoconazole .	
The mechanism of action of ketoconazole is unknown .	
However , another lipoxygenase inhibitor , BW755C , inhibited only weakly [ 3H]-thymidine incorporation and accumulated the cells in S and G2 .	91	9
Flow cytometry showed an accumulation of cells in the G0-G1 phase of the cell cycle and a concomitant decrease of the percentage of cells in S phase .	91	9
Ketoconazole also inhibited [ 3H]thymidine incorporation in the hormone-independent breast cancer cells MDA-MB-231 and Evsa-T , with respective 50% inhibitory concentration of approximately 13 and 2 microM .	
The factors influencing the survival rate of the 49 patients undergoing esophagectomy were grade of lymph node metastasis , amount of perioperative blood transfusion , lymph vessel , and blood vessel invasion .	1
Among these , independent prognostic factors for survival were amount of blood transfusion ( -6 units vs. -7 units , p <0.0001 ) and grade of lymph node metastasis [ none- or peritumoral [ lymph nodes adjacent to the main tumor or at a nearby location ( <3 cm ) from the tumor ] metastasis vs. more distant metastasis [ lymph nodes at a distant location ( > 3 cm) ] , p = 0.016 ] .	1	12
One- , two- , and three-year overall survival rates were 56% , 22% , and 22% in the R0 group and 35% , 19% and 6% in the R1/2 group , respectively ( p = 0.19 ) .	
In the bypass , stoma , and nonoperation groups , none survived 1.6 years .	1
Treatment-related deaths occurred in 7 ( 10% ) : none in R0 , 3 ( 8% ) in R1/2 , 3 ( 60% ) in bypass , and 1 ( 17% ) in stoma group .	
Swallowing was improved in 50 ( 70% ) patients : 9 ( 100% ) in R0 , 30 ( 75% ) in R1/2 , 1 ( 20% ) in bypass , 3 ( 50% ) in stoma , and 7 ( 64% ) in the nonoperation group .	
A total of 22 patients had palliative treatments : bypass in 5 ( bypass group ) , gastrostomy or jejunostomy in 6 ( stoma group ) , and radiochemotherapy alone in 11 ( nonoperation group ) .	
Clinicopathologic characteristics were retrospectively investigated .	
It is still difficult to decide on the treatment modalities for advanced esophageal carcinoma when the prognostic factors of T4 esophageal cancer are not fully understood .	
In this article , we report that among 71 patients with T4 thoracic esophageal cancer , 49 underwent esophagectomy , 9 had curative resection ( R0 group ) , and 40 had palliative resection ( R1/2 group ) .	
Kidney Ang-II remained higher and renin lower in TGR compared with controls .	
CONCLUSION High plasma Ang-N increases plasma and kidney Ang-II levels , and amplifies the plasma and renal Ang-II response to a given change in renal renin secretion .	
OBJECTIVE Increases in plasma angiotensinogen ( Ang-N ) due to genetic polymorphisms or pharmacological stimuli like estrogen have been associated with a blood pressure ( BP ) rise , increased salt sensitivity and cardiovascular risk .	
The relationship between Ang-N , the resetting of the renin-angiotensin system , and BP still remains unclear .	
By comparing the patterns of the PC loads with the spectra of lipids extracted from white and gray matters , and DNA , we have identified some biochemical changes associated with tissue transformation .	
This work demonstrated that our classification model provides a successful histological classification of different brain structures .	
The transgene contained a mutation producing Val(5)-Ang-II , which was measured separately from nontransgenic Ile-Ang-II in plasma and renal tissue .	
RESULTS Male homozygous TGR had increased plasma Ang-N ( systolic BP ( \u0394BP+26 mmHg ) , renin activity ( renin activity/concentration ( 5-fold ) , total Ang-II ( kidney 1.7-fold ) but decreased plasma renin concentrations ( -46% , kidney -85% ) and Ile(5)-Ang-I and II ( -93% , -94% ) vs. controls .	
Heterozygous TGR exhibited higher plasma Ang-N and 17 mmHg \u0394BP .	
Lisinopril decreased their SBP ( -23 vs. -13 mmHg in controls ) , kidney Ang-II/I ( vs. and Ile(5)-Ang-II ( -70 vs. -40% ) , and increased kidney renin and Ile(5)-Ang-I ( >2.5-fold vs. <2.5-fold ) .	
The phenotypic consequences , i.e. , the inhibition of cell proliferation , are well described in model systems and specific events/key players defined .	
Histologically and immunohistochemically , both tumours displayed the features typical for SCO of the pituitary .	
They were composed of interwoven fascicles of spindle cells exhibiting abundant eosinophilic cytoplasm of oncocytic or granular appearance .	
In both cases , the magnetic resonance imaging showed solid sellar mass of moderate size with suprasellar extension .	
The clinical and radiological features suggested non-functioning pituitary macroadenomas without evidence of invasive growth .	
One patient presented with tumour recurrence 3 years after undergoing the previous surgical removal of tumour , which was initially misdiagnosed as schwannoma .	
The first tumour was removed by transsphenoidal surgery and the second one by frontal craniotomy .	
Spindle cell oncocytoma ( SCO ) of the pituitary gland is a relatively recently established , very rare subtype of adenohypophysis tumours that was introduced as a distinct clinicopathological entity in the fourth edition of WHO classification of the central nervous system tumours ( 2007 ) .	
It is non-endocrine neoplasm of the anterior pituitary that occurs in adults and usually follows a benign clinical course , corresponding to WHO grade I. Up to now , pituitary SCO have been reported occasionally and only 14 cases of SCO have been documented in the literature .	
Because of their rarity , the pathogenesis and natural history of these tumours have not been fully characterized .	
We report two additional cases of SCO occurring in females aged 63 years ( Case 1 ) and 65 years ( Case 2 ) , who presented with pan-hypopituitarism , headache and visual field defect .	
To elucidate possible mechanisms for this hypersensitivity , the kinetics of oxygen radiosensitization , the proportion of indirect effect by OH radicals and the kinetics of radiation-induced DNA strand breakage in the chromatin of mitotic cells were investigated .	
PURPOSE Mitotic cells are hypersensitive to ionizing radiation , exhibiting single-hit inactivation coefficients near to those of repair deficient cell lines and lymphocytes .	
Cells were irradiated at < or =4 degrees C with ( 137)Cs gamma-rays .	
MATERIALS AND METHODS Synchronized populations of >90% mitotic HT-29 cells were obtained by the mitotic shake-off method .	
The indirect effect of OH radicals was investigated with the radical scavenger , DMSO .	
Cellular oxygen concentration was varied by gassing cell suspensions prior to and during irradiation with mixtures of pure N(2) that contained 5% CO(2) and measured quantities of O(2) .	
RESULTS Mitotic HT-29 cell inactivation is well described by a single-hit inactivation coefficient ( alpha ) of 1.14 +/- 0.06 Gy(-1) .	
DNA strand breakage was measured by the comet assay .	
More than 60% of mitotic cell killing was eliminated when the media contained 2 M DMSO , indicating that indirect effect is as important in the killing of mitotic cells as it is for interphase cells .	
The oxygen enhancement ratio of mitotic cells ( at 10% survival ) was found to be approximately 2.0 , significantly lower than the value of 2.8 measured for interphase ( asynchronous ) cells .	
Further , nuclear transfer protected genomes from telomere dysfunction and promoted cell survival by reconstitution with functional mitochondria .	
This work links mitochondrial dysfunction and genomic instability and may provide new therapeutic strategies to combat certain mitochondrial and aging-associated pathologies .	6
Mitochondrial dysfunction and oxidative stress have been implicated in cellular senescence , apoptosis , aging and aging-associated pathologies .	
Telomere shortening and genomic instability have also been associated with replicative senescence , aging and cancer .	
Here we show that mitochondrial dysfunction leads to telomere attrition , telomere loss , and chromosome fusion and breakage , accompanied by apoptosis .	8	81
An antioxidant prevented telomere loss and genomic instability in cells with dysfunctional mitochondria , suggesting that reactive oxygen species are mediators linking mitochondrial dysfunction and genomic instability .	a21	a2	a	6
The submandibular gland-derived tumor cell line SCA-9 is considered a useful tool to study the signaling pathways involved in proliferation , and their regulation , triggered by different stimuli .	
Moreover , RARbeta2-tumor cell recipient mice had a lower incidence of post-resection tumor recurrence ( 8/55 vs. 25/52 , p = 0.0004 ) , 34% less necrosis ( in three of four experiments , p = 0.001 ) , and 39% fewer mitoses in tumor tissue ( p < 0.000001 ) .	
Our findings suggest that RARbeta2 may play a role in inhibiting the metastatic cascade in a mouse mammary gland xenograft tumor model and is a potential candidate for therapeutic intervention in human breast cancer .	1	12
CONCLUSION Genistein can inhibit the growth of colon cancer cells via apoptosis induction and cell cycle arrest at G(2)/M phase .	9	51	511	5	91	8	81
The anti-tumor mechanisms of genistein may be related with the down-regulation of expression of VEGF and PCNA , and up-regulation of the expression of p21 .	9	7	51	711	511	5	71	91
The retinoic acid receptor beta2 ( RARbeta2 ) protein is a putative tumor suppressor that inhibits proliferation and can induce apoptosis when introduced into breast , cervical , lung , and pancreatic cancer cell lines .	
To determine if RARbeta2 suppresses proliferation of mammary-derived cancer cells in vivo , we transduced MDA-MB-435 breast cancer cells with the LXSN retroviral vector containing RARbeta2 and implanted LXSN vector- or RARbeta2-transduced cells into the mammary fat pads of nude and severe combined immune deficiency ( SCID ) mice .	
This phenomenon might implicate a proliferation response in the early recurrence observed after clinical therapy in glioblastoma patients .	
METHODS : Ceramide metabolism was followed using ( 3)H-palmitate , and molecular species were determined by mass spectroscopy .	
Gene and protein expression were assessed by real-time PCR and Western blot , respectively .	
RESULTS Although HGF mRNA could be detected in PC-3 cells , the molecular weight of secreted " HGF " protein was inconsistent with the functional recombinant HGF .	9	92
Cell migration was examined by both " wound-healing " and transwell assasy and invasion was detected by Matrigel-coated transwell assay .	
Proliferation , survival and anoikis were determined by MTT , colony formation and trypan blue exclusion assay , respectively .	
In the current study we examined the response of PC-3 cells to an anti-HGF neutralizing antibody or a small molecule Met kinase inhibitor ( BMS-777607 ) .	
METHODS Cell scattering was tested by monitoring cell morphology after HGF stimulation .	
BACKGROUND The c-Met receptor tyrosine kinase is aberrantly activated in many solid tumors .	
In a prior study we showed that prostate cancer PC-3 cells exhibit constitutively activated c-Met without exogenous hepatocyte growth factor ( HGF ) ; however whether this characteristic is due to an endogenous HGF/c-Met autocrine loop remains controversial .	
We therefore investigated the relations between Med19 and BMPs in BCa and their effect on bone metastasis of BCa .	
Furthermore , conditioned medium from PC-3 cell cultures was ineffective at triggering either motogenic behavior or c-Met signaling in DU145 , another prostate cancer cell line expressing c-Met but lacking basal c-Met activation .	
PC-3 cells also were not responsive to the anti-HGF neutralizing antibody in experiments assessing proliferation , migration , or c-Met signaling .	
RESULTS Apigenin inhibits the growth of SCC25 and A431 cells and induces cell cycle arrest in the G2/M phase .	91	9
Apigenin has an antioxidant capacity as well as the ability to inhibit lipid peroxidation .	a21	a2	a
It protects BNLCL2 cells against oxidative damage , and is potentially able to prevent cancer .	61	6
Apigenin increases intracellular ROS levels and reduces levels of glutathione ; it also induces cell apoptosis via tumor necrosis factor receptor ( TNF-R)- , TNF-related apoptosis-inducing ligand receptor ( TRAIL-R)- , and Bcl-2-mediated caspase-dependent cell death pathways in SCC25 cells .	8	81
BACKGROUND Apigenin , a natural plant flavone , may have chemopreventive and therapeutic potentials for anti-inflammatory , antioxidant , and anti-cancer .	
Nevertheless , the anti-tumor effect of apigenin on human head and neck squamous cell carcinoma ( HNSCC ) is not fully understood .	
METHODS The antioxidant capacity and protective effects of apigenin against oxidative stress in murine normal embryonic liver BNLCL2 cells are examined .	
Cell viability , morphologic change , clonogenic survival , cell cycle distribution , reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) production , glutathione formation , and death receptors- and Bcl-2-mediated caspase pathways of HNSCC SCC25 cells and A431 cells with apigenin are investigated .	
MATERIALS AND METHODS DLL4 expression and microvessel density ( MVD ) were detected by immunohistochemistry in 51 human high-grade malignant glioma tissue samples .	
AIM To investigate the role of delta-like ligand 4 ( DLL4 ) in the angiogenesis of high-grade malignant glioma .	
Double fluorescent immunostaining for CD31 and EphrinB2 or EphB4 was performed to identify the arterial ( EphrinB2 ) or venous ( EphB4 ) origins of glioma microvessels .	
The vessel maturation index ( VMI ) was calculated as the percentage of a-smooth muscle actin ( a-SMA)-positive vessels in relation to the amount of CD31-positive vessels .	
The combination of apigenin with 5-fluorouracil ( 5-Fu ) or cisplatin induces the dramatic death of SCC25 cells .	
CONCLUSIONS Apigenin induces SCC25 cell apoptosis via the up-regulation of both TNF-R and TRAIL-R signaling pathways , and has a synergistic effect on the inhibition of cell proliferation in combination with 5-Fu or cisplatin .	
The aims of the study were : To transduce interleukin-2 ( IL-2 ) gene into an ACC cell line with predisposition for lung metastasis ( ACC-M ) ; to compare the bioactivity of the gene-transduced cells and the parent cell line in vitro and in vivo .	
However , no significant association was found between DLL4 and EphrinB2 or EphB4 in high-grade gliomas .	
The data from the current study identified altered hepatic gene expression profiles that may be associated with carcinoma , autoimmune response , and/or type 2 diabetes .	
Bladder cancer cell lines were cultured and interfered with Med19 shRNA and control .	
Possible biomarkers due to 2AA toxicity in the liver for future study include Abcb1a , Nhej1 , Adam8 , Cdkn1a , Mgmt , and Nrcam .	
In mice fed a diet supplemented with red clover isoflavones the prostatic epithelium displays a significant increase in the production of estrogen receptor beta and the adhesion protein E-cadherin but a decrease in transforming growth factor beta1 .	9	93	92
These proteins are estrogenically-induced markers of proliferation , maintenance of histological architecture , preservation of cell phenotype and reduction of the potential for neoplastic and metastatic transformation .	
This study suggests that red clover isoflavones represent a non-toxic dietary treatment for prostatic hyperplasia and a reduction in the potential for neoplastic transformation .	
Focal inflammation causes systemic fever .	
METHODS Cyclo-Arg-Gly-Asp-D-Phe-Lys ( c(RGDfK) ) were conjugated to bacteriochlorophyll-derivatives ( Bchl-Ds ) , previously developed as photodynamic agents , fluorescent probes and metal chelators in our lab .	
In this study we hypothesized that non covalent association to serum albumin ( SA ) and covalent binding to ligands for tumor-abundant cell receptors should synergistically drive selective accumulation and prolonged retention of imaging and therapeutic agents in breast tumor necrotic domains enabling in vivo identification , imaging and possibly treatment of such tumors .	
It is commonly identified by means of invasive histopathology , which often correlates with morbidity and potential tumor cell dissemination , and limits the reconstruction of the whole necrotic domain .	
INTRODUCTION Necrosis at the tumor center is a common feature of aggressive breast cancers and has been associated with poor prognosis .	
Complementary experiments included competitive inhibition of STL-6014 uptake by free c(RGDfK) , comparative pharmacokinetics of nonconjugated c(RGDfK) Bchl-D ( STL-7012 ) and of two human serum albumin ( HSA ) conjugates : HSA-STL-7012 and HSA-STL-6014 .	
The fluorescence signals of the Bchl-Ds and RFP were monitored over days after treatment , by quantitative whole body imaging and excised tumor/tissue samples derived thereof .	
STL-6014 , a c(RGDfK)-Bchl-D representative , was i.v. injected to CD-1 , nude female mice bearing necrotic and non-necrotic human MDA-MB-231-RFP breast cancer tumors .	
The c(RGDfK) component drives ligation to alphaVbeta3 integrin receptors over-expressed by tumor cells and neo-vessels , and the Bchl-D component associates to SA in a non-covalent manner .	
We tested the influence of AC inhibition on the effects of PSC 833 , a P-glycoprotein antagonist with potent ceramide-generating capacity , to determine whether AC could be a therapeutic target in pancreatic cancer .	
STL-6014 , HSA-STL-7012 and HSA-STL-6014 , selectively accumulated at similar rates , in tumor viable regions over the first 8 h post administration .	
RESULTS STL-6014 and STL-7012 formed complexes with HSA ( HSA/STL-6014 , HSA/STL-7012 ) .	
Our data indicate that disarrangement of the RB1 dependent pathway seems to be involved in mesothelioma formation .	
Whereas homozygous deletions appear to be the predominant mechanism leading to p16/CDKN2A inactivation , inactivating point mutations coupled with allelic loss mainly occur at the NF2 locus .	
The most frequent genetic changes found so far in human malignant mesothelioma ( HMM ) are deletions and point mutations in the tumor suppressor genes p16INK4a and NF2 .	
However , the molecular mechanisms linking asbestos exposure of humans and the subsequent mesothelioma formation is not well understood .	
The epidemiologic association between asbestos exposure and human malignant mesothelioma is well established .	
After labeling of CDK2 and RB1 , hemizygous loss of one allele of each gene was observed in asbestos-treated HMC whereas gene amplification of these genes was detectable in MeT-5A and COLO cells .	
The p16INK4a gene locus was shown to be mutated in COLO cells but not in HMC .	
The results show that cyclin D1 is unaffected in all investigated cells .	91	9
In the present study , asbestos-treated human mesothelial cells ( HMC ) , SV40-transformed human mesothelial cells ( MeT-5A ) and a human mesothelioma cell line ( COLO ) were investigated for genetic changes of cell cycle genes ( cyclin D1 , p16INK4a , RB1 , CDK2 ) using multicolor fluorescence in situ hybridization ( mFISH ) in interphase cells .	
In addition , we found that active TGFβ/Smad signaling correlates with high p21 and p/CAF expression levels and lymph node involvement using tissue microarrays from breast cancer patients .	
CONCLUSIONS : Together these results highlight an important role for p21 and p/CAF in promoting breast cancer cell migration and invasion at the transcriptional level and may open new avenues for breast cancer therapy .	11	1
Furthermore , using xenograft animal models and in vitro studies , we found p21 to be essential for tumor cell invasion .	11	1
The invasive effects of p21 were found to correlate with Smad3 , and p/CAF interaction downstream of TGFβ. p21 and p/CAF regulates TGFβ-mediated transcription of pro-metastatic genes by controlling Smad3 acetylation , DNA binding and transcriptional activity .	
ERβ inhibited the cell cycle-dependent stimulation of cyclin B1 mRNA and protein .	91	9
We show that B-RAF(V600E) induces the expression of Tbx3 , which potently represses E-cadherin expression in melanocytes and melanoma cells .	
HGF signaling induces epithelial cells to disassemble cadherin-based adhesion and increase cell motility and invasion , a process termed epithelial-mesenchymal transition ( EMT ) .	
We propose that this B-RAF/Tbx3/E-cadherin pathway has a critical role in promoting the metastasis of B-RAF-mutant melanomas .	1	12
To assess the immune function of microglia and macrophages in brain tumors , the expression of MHC class II and B7 costimulatory molecules in three rodent glioma models was examined .	
Microglia and macrophages , which accounted for 5-12% of total cells , expressed B7.1 and MHC class II molecules in the C6 and 9L tumors , but not RG2 gliomas .	
Interestingly , the expression of B7.1 and MHC class II molecules by microglia and macrophage was associated with an increase in the number of tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes in C6 and 9L tumors .	
B7.2 expression , which was present at low levels on microglia and macrophages in normal brain , did not significantly change in tumors .	
Interestingly , the expression of all three surface antigens increased after microglia were isolated from intracranial C6 tumors and cultured for a short period of time .	
We conclude that microglia immune activity may be suppressed in gliomas and directly correlates to the immunogenecity of experimental brain tumors .	2	22
It also plays a key role in the proliferation and metastasis of cholangiocarcinoma .	1	12
Approximately 50% of melanomas require oncogenic B-RAF(V600E) signaling for proliferation , survival , and metastasis , and the use of highly selective B-RAF inhibitors has yielded remarkable , although short-term , clinical responses .	
To assess the ability of HNSCC to produce these cytokines , supernatants of short-term primary cultures of HNSCC were assayed for the same cytokines .	
No IL-1 was detected , although baseline levels of IL-4 , IL-6 , and GM-CSF were present .	
However , the stimulation of primary tumor cultures with exogenous IL-1 induced or significantly enhanced production of IL-4 ( p < 0.01 ) , IL-6 ( p < 0.001 ) , and GM-CSF ( p < 0.02 ) .	
These results support our hypothesis that HNSCC secrete cytokines that may influence the response of local immune cells .	2	21
Cytokines are known to play an important role in host defense by regulating the function , growth , and differentiation of the cells of the immune system .	
We hypothesize that , in the tumor microenvironment , tumor cells and resident tissue cells ( e.g. , fibroblasts ) also produce cytokines that may regulate the local immune response to tumors .	
Initially , homogenates of eight head and neck squamous cell carcinomas ( HNSCC ) were assayed for the presence of interleukin-1 ( IL-1 ) , interleukin-4 ( IL-4 ) , interleukin-6 ( IL-6 ) , and granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor ( GM-CSF ) to establish the presence of these cytokines in the tumors in vivo .	
We detected IL-1 in all tumor homogenates and IL-4 , IL-6 , and GM-CSF in some homogenates .	2	a2	21	a
We studied the antiangiogenic activity of quercetin using ex vivo , in vivo and in vitro models .	
Rat aortic ring assay showed that quercetin at non-toxic concentrations significantly inhibited microvessel sprouting and exhibited a significant inhibition in the proliferation , migration , invasion and tube formation of endothelial cells , which are key events in the process of angiogenesis .	11	1	7	71
Angiogenesis is a crucial step in the growth and metastasis of cancers , since it enables the growing tumor to receive oxygen and nutrients .	
CONCLUSIONS The expression of mAChR M3 is influenced by the extent of differentiation , distant metastasis and the site of cholangiocarcinoma .	1	12
Our data also suggest that IL-1 may have a central role in regulating the local immune response through the enhancement or induction of cytokine production by tumor and/or resident tissue cells .	2	21
Furthermore , quercetin reduced the cell viability and induced apoptosis in prostate cancer cells , which were correlated with the downregulation of AKT , mTOR and P70S6K expressions .	8	81
Most importantly , quercetin treatment inhibited ex vivo angiogenesis as revealed by chicken egg chorioallantoic membrane assay ( CAM ) and matrigel plug assay .	7	71
Western blot analysis showed that quercetin suppressed VEGF induced phosphorylation of VEGF receptor 2 and their downstream protein kinases AKT , mTOR , and ribosomal protein S6 kinase in HUVECs .	921	93	9	92
None of these lesions were observed in 33 p53(+/-) mice , infected or not , at any time p.i. p53(+/-) mice had significantly higher helicobacter colonization consistent with a Th2 host response .	
Submucosal invasive foci were observed in 9 of 11 WT-infected mice ranging from 13 to 15 months p.i. ; invasion of adjacent submucosal blood vessels by glandular epithelia also was present in 5 of these mice .	11	1
In contrast , IgG2a levels of the p53(+/-) mice were 50-60% lower than those of the WT mice at each time point ( P range , <0.012 to 0.002 ) and did not progress in magnitude between 12 and 15 months of chronic H. felis infection ( P = 0.167). mRNA levels for gammaIFN and IL-1 were significantly up-regulated in WT mice infected with H. felis ( P < 0.05 ) but were slightly elevated or were at background levels in p53(+/-) mice .	
In sera from WT mice , IgG2a , considered a proinflammatory Th1 response , continued to rise throughout the 15-month study ( P < 0.004 ) .	a	a2
Our results support the hypothesis that germ-line deletion of one p53 allele results in a down-regulated Th1 response to gastric helicobacter infection , possibly because of T-cell senescence , which may indirectly protect against the development of gastric cancer and other epithelial-derived neoplasms associated with chronic inflammation .	a	a2	42	4
IL-10 and IL-4 mRNA expression was not significantly different from control samples .	
Analysis of 49 paclitaxel-naive and 30 paclitaxel-resistant specimens revealed no additional polymorphisms in the coding region .	
In addition , no amino acid replacements were found in chimpanzee , gorilla , and orangutan in comparison to human .	
Our data demonstrate a very high degree of sequence conservation in class I beta-tubulin , suggesting that all residues are important in tubulin structure and function .	
Individual variation in response to treatment with paclitaxel is not likely to be caused by genetic variations in the beta-tubulin drug target .	
The goal of this study was to determine the prevalence of sequence variants in the class I beta-tubulin ( clone m40 ) gene and their occurrence in human tumors and cancer cell lines .	
DNA was isolated from 93 control individuals representing a wide variety of ethnicities , 49 paclitaxel-naive specimens ( 16 ovarian cancers , 17 non-small cell lung cancers , and 16 ovarian cancer cell lines ) , and 30 paclitaxel-resistant specimens ( 9 ovarian cancers , 9 ovarian cancer cell lines , and 12 ovarian cancer xenografts in nude mice ) .	
Denaturing high-performance liquid chromatography and direct sequence analysis detected two silent polymorphisms in exon 4 , Leu217Leu ( CTG/CTA ) and Gly400Gly ( GGC/GGT ) , with minor allele frequencies of 17 and 0.5% , respectively .	
Five nucleotide substitutions and one single-base deletion were detected in introns 1 , 2 , and 3 and in the 3 ' untranslated region .	63	6
These results suggest that the expression of IDO in breast cancer patients with bone metastasis may play a critical role in immunosuppression in these patients .	1	2	12	22
Moreover , acquired mutations in class I beta-tubulin are unlikely to be a clinically relevant cause of drug resistance .	63	6
RESULTS Abnormal expression of beta-catenin and E-cadherin was performed in 148 patients with gastric carcinoma .	
RESULTS Abnormal expression of beta-catenin and E-cadherin was demonstrated in 43.2% and 44.6% of tumors respectively .	
This study was designed to examine the expression of beta-catenin in gastric carcinoma and to determine the relationship between tumor characteristics and survival .	
METHODS Immunohistochemical staining of beta-catenin and E-cadherin was performed in 148 patients with gastric carcinoma .	
BACKGROUND & OBJECTIVE Altered cell adhesion has a critical role in the development of epithelial cancers .	
As primary HUF cultures senesce within 2 weeks , restricting their use , we investigated whether immortalized HUFs retaining wild-type TP53 can be surrogates for primary HUFs in initial treatment optimization .	
E-cadherin act on the maintenance of cell-cell adhesion and its function was thought to be regulated by associated cytoplasmic proteins , such as alpha-catenin and beta-catenin .	
In addition , targeting CD27 on LSCs may represent an attractive therapeutic approach to blocking the Wnt/β-catenin pathway in CML .	
Since expression of CD70 is limited to activated lymphocytes and dendritic cells , our results reveal a mechanism by which adaptive immunity contributes to leukemia progression .	a1	a
In addition , treatment of HL-60 cells with Rh2 significantly increased transforming growth factor-β ( TGF-β ) production , and cotreatment with TGF-β neutralizing antibody prevented the Rh2-induced downregulations of CDK4 and CDK6 , upregulations of p21(CIP1/WAF1) and p27(KIP1) levels and the induction of differentiation .	
Furthermore , Rh2 induced the differentiation of HL-60 cells as demonstrated by biochemical assays and the expression levels of cell surface antigens .	
In addition , Rh2 markedly enhanced the bindings of p21(CIP1/WAF1) and p27(KIP1) to CDK2 , CDK4 and CDK6 , and these bindings reduced CDK2 , CDK4 and CDK6 activities .	
However , CDK inhibitors ( CDKIs ) , such as p21(CIP1/WAF1) and p27(KIP1) , were gradually upregulated after Rh2 treatment at the protein and messenger RNA ( mRNA ) levels .	
DNA flow cytometric analysis indicated that Rh2 blocked cell cycle progression at the G(1) phase in HL-60 and U937 cells , and this was found to be accompanied by the downregulations of cyclin-dependent kinase ( CDK ) 4 , CDK6 , cyclin D1 , cyclin D2 , cyclin D3 and cyclin E at the protein level .	
In this study , we found that Rh2 inhibited the proliferation of human leukemia cells concentration- and time-dependently with an IC(50) of �M .	
However , the effect of Rh2 on the cell cycle and its underlying molecular mechanism in human leukemia cells are not fully understood .	
The triterpene saponin ginsenoside Rh2 has been shown to have antiproliferative effects on various cancer cells .	
Cancer Res ; 73(1) ; 119-27. �2012 AACR .	
Syngeneic tumors of 3LL cells grew slower in mice treated with an antagonist of the C5a receptor .	
C5a did not modify 3LL cell proliferation in vitro but induced endothelial cell chemotaxis and blood-vessels formation .	7	71
This was followed by analysis of the liver for global gene expression changes .	
Furthermore , we performed biological assays in order to evaluate the functional impact of MACC1 SNPs on the motility of colorectal cancer cells .	
Sixteen mRNAs were differentially expressed in all treatment groups for the short-term exposure group .	
Similarly , 51 genes were commonly expressed in all 28-day exposure group .	
Therefore , we investigated the PDAC microenvironment with a focus on conventional and regulatory T cells in view of their potential therapeutic importance .	
Decreased proliferation was accompanied by changes in the levels of ER alpha and cyclin D1 .	91	93	9
These data show that PB modulates parameters thought to be involved in the carcinogenic process in the normal mammary gland , and compounds in this class may therefore be useful candidates for breast cancer chemoprevention .	
We found that tumors from the murine Panc02 orthotopic model of PDAC were infiltrated with high numbers of Treg .	
Moderate ( 250 mg/kg/day ) and high ( 500 mg/kg/day ) PB treatment resulted in a decrease in proliferation in mammary epithelial cells ( P < 0.001 ) , determined by bromodeoxyuridine incorporation .	9
Analysis of ER alpha immunostaining revealed a significant reduction in moderate- and high-treatment groups ( P = 0.01 and P = 0.02 ) , and expression of cyclin D1 was virtually ablated ( P < 0.001 ) .	91	93	9
Histone deacetylase inhibition is a known mechanism of butyrate action , and consistent with this , PB increased levels of acetylated histone H3 in the mammary gland .	
In summary , PB decreased proliferation in the mammary gland in vivo at clinically achievable doses .	9	91
Ovarian hormones have a pivotal role in the control of proliferation in the mammary gland , and cumulative life-time exposure to ovarian hormones is known to be a determinant of breast cancer risk .	
We have shown previously that a p.o.-active , long-acting butyrate analogue , sodium phenylbutyrate ( PB ) , reduced proliferation in normal and malignant human breast cells in culture and reduced expression of ovarian hormone receptors , suggesting that PB had cellular effects consistent with decreasing breast cancer risk .	
The aim of this study was to determine the in vivo effects of PB in the normal mammary gland on epithelial cell proliferation , estrogen receptor alpha ( ER alpha ) expression , and cyclin D1 expression .	
BALB/c mice were treated with PB , delivered by mini-osmotic pumps , for 7 days .	
Differentially expressed mRNAs were further analyzed for associations via DAVID .	
Immunosuppressive cell populations , e.g. regulatory T cells ( Treg ) , appear to be important in PDAC , contributing to patient's poor prognosis .	
GO categories show the effect of 2AA to be linked with genes responsible for carbohydrate utilization and transport , lipid metabolic processes , stress responses such as inflammation and apoptosis processes , immune system response , DNA damage response , cancer processes and circadian rhythm .	a	a1	61	a2	6	8	81
Our current aim was to investigate the effects of cyclophosphamide on the expression of IL-10 and IL-10R on primary and metastatic L-TACB cells .	
The treatment of L-TACB-bearing rats with a single low-dose cyclophosphamide decreased IL-10 production , reverted immunosuppression and induced the immunologic rejection of tumor metastasis without any effect on primary tumor growth .	2	1	12	22
It was suggested that the up-regulation of IL-10 production and IL-10 receptor ( IL-10R ) expression would be part of the transition from primary tumor to metastatic phenotype and that IL-10 , besides its immunosuppressive activity , may act as a growth factor for metastatic L-TACB cells .	
We have already shown that IL-10 plays an important role in immunosuppression and metastatic dissemination in the rat B-cell lymphoma L-TACB model .	
These results may have a considerable impact on the design of new therapies for metastatic lymphomas .	1	12
We suggest that mafosfamide would inhibit the regulatory loop mediated by the IL-10/IL-10R system and , as a consequence , metastatic cell proliferation .	1	12
Mafosfamide induced down-regulation of IL-10 production and IL-10R expression on metastatic cells and , concomitantly , inhibited metastatic cell proliferation .	1	12
Considering that cyclophosphamide is a prodrug , we used mafosfamide , a compound that yields in vitro the same active metabolites as cyclophosphamide does in vivo .	
The aim of this study is to elucidate the mechanisms involved in the induction of chromosomal aberrations and sister chromatid exchanges ( SCEs ) by DBPDE in mammalian cells .	
In order to achieve this a parental ( AA8 ) and different DNA repair-deficient Chinese hamster ovary cell lines such as UV4 , UV5 , UV61 ( nucleotide excision repair , NER ) , EM9 ( base excision repair , BER ) , irs1SF ( homologous recombination repair , HRR ) and V3-3 ( non-homologous end joining , NHEJ ) were used .	
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons ( PAH ) such as dibenzo[a,l]pyrene ( DBP ) are wide-spread environmental pollutants most probably mutagenic and carcinogenic to humans .	
Detailed data on the cytogenetic effects of anti-11,12-dihydroxy-13,14-epoxy-11,12,13,14-tetrahydrodibenzo[a,l]pyrene ( DBPDE ) in mammalian cells are not available in the literature .	
Moreover , the HRR pathway seems to play a role in cellular resistance to DBPDE mainly in terms of chromosomal aberration induction while the NHEJ pathway takes part affecting only the induction of SCEs .	62	6
Remarkably , these cells exhibited the effector/memory phenotype , suggesting their enhanced suppressive activity and higher proliferation capacity .	
The most sensitive cell lines for DBPDE-induced chromosome aberrations were EM9 and irs1SF , while EM9 and V3-3 cell lines were the most sensitive in terms of SCEs induction .	
It can be suggested that the BER pathway plays an important role in the repair of lesions induced by DBPDE , affecting both chromosomal aberrations and SCEs induction .	62	6
C5 deposition , after incubation with normal human serum , was higher in lung cancer cell lines than in nonmalignant bronchial epithelial cells .	
Although we observed a steady increase in transforming growth factor-β ( TGF-β ) levels in the tumors , treatment with a specific inhibitor of TGF-β receptor I kinase failed to abrogate Treg accumulation .	
Vice versa , ectopic expression of FoxM1 prevents the decrease in cyclin A and polo-like kinase 1 and causes a two-fold increase in saturation density indicating loss of contact inhibition .	5	52
Notably , lung malignant cells produced complement C5a even in the absence of serum .	
Hence , we show that downregulation of FoxM1 is required for contact inhibition by regulating expression of cyclin A and polo-like kinase 1 .	5	52
Contact inhibition is a crucial mechanism regulating proliferation in vitro and in vivo .	
Although it is generally accepted that contact inhibition plays a pivotal role in maintaining tissue homeostasis , the molecular mechanisms of contact inhibition are still not fully understood .	
Postoperative ablative therapy using I(131) was not performed in this series .	
Recurrence was found for regional LN ( n=25 ) , lung ( n=9 ) , remnant thyroid ( n=5 ) , and others ( n=4 ) .	
Altogether , these results demonstrate that non-cytotoxic concentrations of pure anti-estrogens affect estrogen signaling and might be relevant for the treatment for ovarian cancers .	9	92
This inhibition was accompanied by loss of estrogen-induced cell proliferation and gene expression as indicated by the analysis of several estrogen-responsive genes .	9	92
ERα down-regulation was not linked to deregulated expression of transcription factors which drive ERα transcription and did not involve DNA methylation or histone deacetylation .	9	93
Deregulation of insulin-like growth factor-1 receptor ( IGF-1R ) is closely associated with malignant transformation and tumor cell survival in various cancers .	
Both NFAT and mTOR activity have been associated with tumorigenesis .	
To this aim , cells were grown in the presence of anti-estrogen concentrations that were sufficient to saturate the estrogen receptors , but were neither cytotoxic nor cytostatic as indicated by the absence of inhibition of cell proliferation .	
In these conditions and despite the lack of cytostatic effect of the drugs , long-term treatment ( 3 months ) with the pure anti-estrogen fulvestrant induced a specific , reproducible and irreversible inhibition of ERα expression .	9	93
Most ovarian cancers are estrogen-positive and hormonal treatments using anti-estrogens or aromatase inhibitors are under investigation for treating the tumors that are resistant to conventional therapies .	
In this study , the long-term effects of two anti-estrogens , namely 4-hydroxytamoxifen and fulvestrant ( or ICI182,780 ) , were investigated in ERα-positive BG1 epithelial ovarian cancer cells .	
We therefore investigated the impact of calcineurin and PI-3K/mTOR inhibition in growth of human colon carcinoma cells .	
We suggested that IGF-lR targeting might be therapeutically beneficial for some AML patients .	9	93
CONCLUSIONS Our study suggests that serum angiopoietin-2 is a useful marker for the diagnosis of NSCLC by ELIZA technique .	71	7	711
We show that despite the efficient inhibition of NFAT1 activity , FK506 promotes tumor growth , whereas CsA inhibits it due to a delay in cell cycle progression and induction of necroptosis .	91	9
In all patients with lung cancer , serum angiopoietin-2 was not significantly correlated with survivin ( r=0.073 , p=0.657 ) .	71	7	711
Although a mixed mode of action involving direct DNA binding cannot be ruled out , the data suggest that furan induces cancer in rat livers mainly through a secondary genotoxic mechanism involving oxidative stress , accompanied by inflammation , cell proliferation , and toxicity .	a21	a2	a
In addition , genes related to apoptosis , cell-cycle checkpoints , and DNA-repair were expressed at a slightly lower level in the furan-treated livers .	51	62	5	6	8	81
Histopathological evaluation of liver from furan-exposed animals produced evidence of inflammation , single-cell necrosis , apoptosis , and cell proliferation .	a	a2	8	83	81
No DNA damage was detected in bone marrow , a non-target tissue for cancer , and peripheral blood micronucleus assays were negative .	61	6
Liver Comet assays indicated that both DNA strand breaks and oxidized purines and pyrimidines increased in a near-linear dose-responsive fashion , with statistically significant increases detected at cancer bioassay doses .	612	61	6
Rats were killed 3h after the last dose , a time established as producing maximum levels of DNA damage in livers of furan-treated rats .	
Rats were treated by gavage on four consecutive days with 2 , 4 , and 8mg/kg bw furan , doses that were tumorigenic in 2-year cancer bioassays , and with two higher doses , 12 and 16mg/kg .	
In addition , formamidopyrimidine DNA glycosylase ( Fpg ) and endonuclease III ( EndoIII)-sensitive DNA damage was monitored as a measure of oxidative DNA damage .	
Mechanisms for furan carcinogenicity were investigated in male F344 rats using the in vivo Comet and micronucleus assays , combined with analysis of histopathological and gene expression changes .	
Furan , a potent rodent liver carcinogen , is found in many cooked food items and thus represents a human cancer risk .	
Elderly patients with acute myeloid leukemia generally have a poor prognosis and a highly heterogeneous clinical outcome .	
Prognostic indicators are required for and aid in patient stratification .	
However , the prognostic value of genetic mutations and immunophenotypic features in elderly normal karyotype acute myeloid leukemia , the largest cytogenetic risk group , remains unclear .	
We investigated the genetic mutations NPM1 , FLT3-ITD , and FLT3-TKD and expression of the membrane antigens CD7 , CD15 , CD34 , and CD56 in 144 elderly patients with de novo normal karyotype acute myeloid leukemia to retrospectively analyze the prognostic and clinical relevance of these parameters .	
CD7 , CD15 , CD34 , and CD56 were expressed in 24% , 47% , 52% , and 15% of patients , respectively .	
NPM1 and FLT3-ITD mutations were detected in 51% and 17% of patients , respectively .	63	6
Complete remission was obtained in 94 patients ( 65% ) , and the median overall survival was 16.5 months .	
Univariate analysis detected 5 markers with prognostic relevance : high leukocyte count , FLT3-ITD mutations , NPM1 mutations , CD34 expression , and CD56 expression in acute myeloid leukemia blasts .	63	6
In multivariate analysis , patients with NPM1 predicted a higher complete remission ( CR ) rate ( P = .016 ) , longer event-free survival ( P = .008 ) , and longer overall survival ( P = .049 ) .	
FLT3-ITD mutations predicted a shorter event-free survival ( P = .002 ) and shorter overall survival ( P < .001 ) .	63	6
Using a human promonocytic leukemia cell line , THP-1 , we have shown that TGF-beta inhibits their proliferation and promotes differentiation into cells exhibiting macrophage-like properties .	
Transforming growth factor-Beta ( TGF-beta ) is a potent growth inhibitor for several cell types including epithelial cells and hematopoietic progenitor cells .	
TGF-beta treatment of THP-1 cells results in downregulation of expression of c-myc .	
Therefore , a key question is whether TGF-beta influences the expression of genes associated with proliferation and/or growth inhibition .	
In addition , a nuclear protein associated with senescence and withdrawal of cells from the cell cycle , statin , is also expressed by THP-1 cells in response to TGF-beta 1 treatment .	42	9	4	91	92
We also observe that TGF-beta 1-treated cells express reduced levels of the cell cycle regulated histone , H2B , but express elevated levels of an RNA splicing variant of this histone that has been observed to be upregulated in growth inhibited and terminally differentiated cells .	
Such changes in nuclear organization may be incompatible with continued proliferation of the cells .	
These results suggest that TGF-beta 1 is capable of inducing expression of specific nuclear proteins associated with differentiation and/or cessation of proliferation that may result in changes in nuclear organization and altered gene expression .	9	92
Loss of TNFRs impaired the induction of MDSCs from bone marrow cells , but this could be reversed by treatment with caspase inhibitors .	
Because the DD regimen controlled drug-resistant disease through a novel immune mechanism , it may offer a fine strategy for salvage treatment .	2	21
The therapeutic effect of the DD chemotherapy relied on the preservation of the immune system and the treatment-mediated promotion of tumor-specific immunity , especially the antitumor CD8(+) T-cell response .	2	21
CONCLUSIONS The mammary ACC is made of two cell types and is of good prognosis despite its triple negative phenotype , similar to the basal-like infiltrating carcinoma NOS .	
Axillary lymph node dissection is not recommended .	
All the tumours were ER , PR and Her-2-neu negative .	9	93
Enhanced glycolysis represents a striking feature of cancers and can therefore serve to indicate a malignant transformation .	
CONCLUSION This study demonstrated that the recombinant pRC/CMV-AS mediated by liposome may play a potential role in the treatment of pancreatic cancer in the future .	
Good local control by at least large lumpectomy with long-term follow-up is necessary .	
In addition , the effects of the angiostatin vector on reducing the volume of tumors implanted in nude mouse models were also noted .	
Signaling of TNFR-2 , but not TNFR-1 , promoted MDSC survival through upregulation of cellular FLICE-inhibitory protein ( c-FLIP ) and inhibition of caspase-8 activity .	
Importantly , the expression of miR-130 was significantly reduced in EC tissues , and patients with higher expression levels of miR-130b survived longer .	
High baseline IL-8 and IL-6 levels predicted shorter progression-free and overall survival times ( p ≤ .04 ) .	
Loss of an endogenous p53 mutation increased the expression of miR-130b , which resulted in reduced ZEB1 expression and attenuation of the EMT phenotype .	11	1	63	6
Furthermore , re-expression of miR-130b suppressed mutant p53-induced EMT and ZEB1 expression .	11	1	63	6
We transduced p53 mutants into p53-null EC cells , profiled the miRNA expression by miRNA microarray and identified miR-130b as a potential target of mutant p53 .	
Esophageal carcinoma patients with T4 disease and distinct metastasis in the lymph nodes at a distant location ( >3 cm ) from the primary tumor may not benefit from an esophageal resection .	1	12
The tumor suppressor gene p53 has been implicated in the regulation of epithelial-mesenchymal transition ( EMT ) and tumor metastasis by regulating microRNA ( miRNA ) expression .	
Lower interleukin ( IL)-8 levels at baseline ( p = .01 ) and throughout treatment ( p ≤ .04 ) were associated with the 16W-DCR .	
Fanconi anemia ( FA ) is an inherited DNA instability disorder that is associated with bone marrow failure and a strong predisposition to cancer .	
DNA damage checkpoints in the cell cycle may be important barriers against cancer progression in human cells .	
Here we have defined a clonal phenotype , termed attenuation , in which FA patients acquire an abrogation of the G2 checkpoint arrest .	
Although FA cells experience constitutive chromosomal breaks , cell cycle arrest at the G2 DNA damage checkpoint , and an excess of cell death , some patients do become clinically stable , and the mechanisms underlying this , other than spontaneous reversion of the disease-causing mutation , are not well understood .	
The attenuation could be recapitulated by modulating the ATR/CHK1 pathway , and CHK1 inhibition protected FA cells from cell death .	
In conclusion , RAR beta 2 can be activated in vitro by 5-Aza-CdR , which may be one of the mechanisms for the tumor cell growth inhibition by 5-Aza-CdR .	
Better understanding of attenuation might help predict a patient's clinical course and guide choice of treatment .	
FA patients who expressed the attenuated phenotype had mild bone marrow deficiency and reached adulthood , but several of them eventually developed myelodysplasia or leukemia .	
The bioenergetic propensity of cancer cells has been correlated to anticancer drug resistance , but such correlation is unclear in sorafenib resistance of HCC.Methods:Six sorafenib-naive HCC cell lines and one sorafenib-resistant HCC cell line ( Huh-7R ; derived from sorafenib-sensitive Huh-7 ) were used .	
However , in mice pretreated with 30 microL eugenol , no tumors were detected until 8 wk ( following anti-initiation protocol ) and until 14 wk ( following antipromotion protocol ) of tumor promotion .	
Dichloroacetate ( DCA ) , a pyruvate dehydrogenase kinase ( PDK ) inhibitor , and siRNA of hexokinase 2 ( HK2 ) were used to target relevant pathways of cancer metabolism .	
CONCLUSION Bevacizumab is active and well tolerated in patients with advanced HCC .	
To identify novel genes that allow escape from RAS(V12)-induced senescence , we designed an unbiased , retroviral complementary DNA library screen .	
Cell viability , mitochondrial membrane potential , and sub-G1 fraction were measured for in vitro efficacy .	
DCA reduced lactate production and increased ROS and ATP , indicating activation of oxidative phosphorylation ( OXPHOS ) .	a21	3	a2	a
All mice developed tumors by 13 wk of promotion .	
Sorafenib ( 10 mg kg(-1) per day ) plus DCA ( 100 mg kg(-1) per day ) also resulted in superior tumour regression than sorafenib alone in mice ( tumour size : -87% vs -36% , P<0.001).Conclusion:The bioenergetic propensity is a potentially useful predictive biomarker of sorafenib sensitivity , and activation of OXPHOS by PDK inhibitors may overcome sorafenib resistance of HCC.British Journal of Cancer advance online publication , 20 December 2012 ; doi:10.1038/bjc.2012.559 www.bjcancer.com .	
DCA markedly sensitised sorafenib-resistant HCC cells to sorafenib-induced apoptosis ( sub-G1 ( combination vs sorafenib ) : Hep3B , 65.4±8.4% vs 13±2.9% ; Huh-7 R , 25.3± 5.7% vs 4.3±1.5% ; each P<0.0001 ) , whereas siRNA of HK2 did not .	8	81
Skin tumors were initiated by applying 160 nmol DMBA and promoted by twice weekly applications of 8.5 nmol TPA for 28 wk .	
The present study was designed to investigate the protective efficacy of eugenol against skin cancer and probe into the mechanistic aspects .	
Our results show that the dispersion method used can influence the results of toxicity studies .	
Therefore at least two different dispersion procedures should be incorporated into assessment of cyto- and genotoxic effects of NPs .	
DNA strand breaks were detected by the alkaline comet assay .	
However , pretreatment with eugenol led to overexpression of these genes , which probably helped stimulate apoptosis of the initiated cells .	
The TiO(2) NPs dispersion with large agglomerates ( 3 min sonication and no serum in stock solution ) induced DNA damage in all three cell lines , while the TiO(2) NPs dispersed with agglomerates less than 200 nm ( foetal serum in stock solution and sonication 15 min ) had no effect on genotoxicity .	61	6
An increased level of DNA oxidation lesions detected in Cos-1 and TK6 cells indicates that the leading mechanism by which TiO(2) NPs trigger genotoxicity is most likely oxidative stress .	a21	a2	a	6
The published results on nanoparticles cytotoxicity and genotoxicity such as titanium dioxide nanoparticles ( TiO(2) NPs ) are inconsistent , and often conflicting and insufficient .	
Since different parameters may have impact on the toxicity results , there is need to lay stress on detailed characterization of NPs and the use of different testing conditions for assessment of NPs toxicity .	
In order to investigate whether dispersion procedures influence NP cytotoxicity and genotoxicity , we compared two protocols giving TiO(2) NP dispersions with different stability and agglomeration states .	
Herein , we review the structure , function and biology of glypican-3 ( GPC3 ) and its role in human cancer with a focus on its potential as a therapeutic target for immunotherapy .	
( 7 ) Effect of the withdrawal of GLN supplementation-due to the adaptive response of the organism to enhanced GLN consumption , the withdrawal of GLN may enhance the risk of health problems resulting from GLN deficiency .	
( 6 ) Effect on tumor growth-it should be elucidated whether chronic intake of GLN increases the risk of cancer .	
( 5 ) Alterations in immune system-as GLN has immunomodulating properties , the effect of chronic GLN consumption on the immune system needs to be assessed .	
( 4 ) Abnormalities in aminoacidemia-increased plasma levels of GLN , glutamate , citrulline , ornithine , arginine , and histidine and decreased levels of valine , leucine , isoleucine , glycine , threonine , serine , and proline are reported .	
( 3 ) Alterations in ammonia transport-GLN supplementation may impair ammonia detoxification and negatively affect the role of GLN as the carrier of ammonia among tissues .	
There is an urgent need to identify new molecular targets for the development of novel therapeutic approaches .	
The following side effects of GLN supplementation are discussed : ( 1 ) Alterations in amino acid transport-as GLN shares the transporters with other amino acids , enhanced GLN intake may impair amino acid distribution among tissues and their absorption in the gut and kidneys .	
Some people consume chronically glutamine ( GLN ) in high quantities ( g/d ) , although a number of biochemical pathways and cellular functions may be negatively affected .	
PCNA and TUNEL immunohistochemistry of tumors revealed eugenol to ameliorate cell proliferation and elevate apoptosis respectively .	91	81	9	8
It is concluded that enhanced intake of GLN has substantial side effects , and long-term studies should be performed to justify chronic consumption of a GLN-enriched diet .	
Here we report that TNF signaling drives the peripheral accumulation of myeloid-derived suppressor cells ( MDSCs ) .	
Of note , the social and economical situation of the young patients with GBM was alarming , because only 17% succeeded in staying employed after receiving the diagnosis .	
The present study suggests that mast cells are involved in induction of angiogenesis in the early stages of tumor development and in modulating blood vessel growth in the later stages of tumor progression .	7	71
CONCLUSIONS We found a high frequency of IDH1 mutations and MGMT promoter methylation among young adult patients with primary GBM that may contribute to the generally favorable outcome associated with young age .	63	6
Polyphenol-enriched fractions from natural sources have been proposed to interfere with angiogenesis in pathological conditions .	
We recently reported that red propolis polyphenols ( RPP ) exert antiangiogenic activity .	
However , molecular mechanisms of this activity remain unclear .	
Here , we aimed at characterizing molecular mechanisms to explain the impact of RPP on endothelial cells ' ( EC ) physiology .	
We used in vitro and ex and in vivo models to test the hypothesis that RPP inhibit angiogenesis by affecting hypoxia-inducible factor-1α ( HIF1α ) stabilization in EC .	
Changes of the RAR beta 2 methylation status were assessed by methylation-specific PCR .	
Moreover , RPP ( 10 mg/L ) inhibited hypoxia- or dimethyloxallylglycine-induced mRNA and protein expression of the crucial angiogenesis promoter vascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF ) in a time-dependent manner .	
Under hypoxic conditions , RPP at 10 mg/L , supplied for 1-4 h , decreased HIF1α protein accumulation , which in turn attenuated VEGF gene expression .	
In addition , RPP reduced the HIF1α protein half-life from min to 38 min under hypoxic conditions .	
The reduced HIF1α protein half-life was associated with an increase in the von Hippel-Lindau ( pVHL)-dependent proteasomal degradation of HIF1α .	
This overexpression induced EMT and a CSC-like phenotype in human CRC cells and enhanced cell migration and invasion ( P < 0.002 vs. control ) .	11	1
Reverse transcription PCR was used to evaluate RARb beta 2 restoration .	
Thus , Snail is a potential therapeutic target in metastatic CRC .	1	12
These results indicate that many of the herbs used in traditional Chinese medicine for the treatment of cancer have significant growth inhibitory effects on breast cancer cells in vitro .	
Flow cytometric analysis of breast cancer cells exposed to one of these herbs ( Rheum palmatum ) suggested that it arrests cells in the G2/M phase of the cell cycle .	511	5	51
Six of seven herbs tested induced high molecular weight DNA fragmentation , an early marker of apoptosis , while one of these also induced low molecular weight DNA fragmentation .	8	81
Dose-response curves were obtained for several of the most potent crude extracts and demonstrated IC50 values ranging from < 10 micrograms/ml to > 1 mg/ml .	
Twenty-one percent ( 15 out of 71 ) of the extracts demonstrated greater than 50% growth inhibition on at least 4 of the 5 cell lines .	
The present study investigates the effects of aqueous extracts from seventy-one Chinese medicinal herbs on the growth of five breast cancer cell lines ( SK-BR-3 , MCF7 , MDA-MB-231 , BT-474 and MCNeuA ) .	
These herbal preparations are purported to have many biological effects including direct antiproliferative effects on cancer cells , anti-mutagenic activity , and stimulatory or suppressive effects on immune responses .	
Chinese medicinal herbs are traditionally used to prevent and treat a variety of diseases , including cancer .	
TNF , an inflammatory cytokine that is enriched in the tumor microenvironment , promotes tumor growth and subverts innate immune responses to cancer cells .	
CONCLUSIONS : microRNAs regulate key aspects of fibroblast quiescence including the proliferative state of the cells as well as their gene expression profiles , in particular , the induction of extracellular matrix proteins in quiescent fibroblasts .	
Overexpression of either one alone resulted in slower cell cycle re-entry from quiescence , while the combination of both together slowed cell cycle re-entry even further .	91	9
Logistic regression analysis revealed that the sHGF level at diagnoses is a powerful predictor of the patient outcome , compared to sVEGF .	
In conclusion : our data support the hypothesis that angiogenic factors play a functional role in blast cell movement from the bone marrow to peripheral tissues .	71	7	711
Assessment of sHGF at AML diagnosis is likely to be helpful in predicting patient outcome and selecting optimal therapeutic regimen .	
We sought to clarify the role of microRNAs as regulators of the cellular functions of quiescent human fibroblasts .	
BACKGROUND : Although quiescence ( reversible cell cycle arrest ) is a key part in the life history and fate of many mammalian cell types , the mechanisms of gene regulation in quiescent cells are poorly understood .	
Fibroblasts induced into quiescence by contact inhibition or serum starvation had similar microRNA profiles , indicating common changes induced by distinct quiescence signals .	5	52
RESULTS : Using microarrays , we discovered that the expression of the majority of profiled microRNAs differed between proliferating and quiescent fibroblasts .	
Using microarrays and immunoblotting , we confirmed that miR-29 targets genes encoding collagen and other extracellular matrix proteins and that those target genes are induced in quiescence .	
By analyzing the gene expression patterns of microRNA target genes with quiescence , we discovered a strong regulatory function for miR-29 , which is downregulated with quiescence .	
We also found that let-7 and miR-125 were upregulated in quiescent cells .	
In addition , overexpression of miR-29 resulted in more rapid cell cycle re-entry from quiescence .	91	9
CD3(+) , CD4(+) and CD19(+) cell reconstitution was slower in the high-dose group .	2	21
Median time to reach 100 CD4(+) cells was 8 months vs 4 months ( P = 0.03 ) .	
Total dosage varied : 16 patients received a median of 7.5 mg/kg ( 2.5 to 10.5 : low-dose group ) , and 15 a median of 15.5 mg/kg ( 14.4 to 19.4 : high-dose group ) .	
Post-transplant GVHD prophylaxis consisted of cyclosporine , short-course methotrexate and steroids .	
Thirty-one consecutive children , mainly with haematological malignancies , were transplanted in a single institution with such donors , selected by HLA-A -B compatibility by serology and DRB1* by DNA typing .	
Antithymocyte globulin ( Thymoglobuline ; Sangstat ) was infused at days -3 , -2 , -1 .	
Antithymocyte globulin is widely used before haematopoietic transplantation with HLA-matched unrelated donors or mismatched relatives to prevent rejection and graft-versus-host disease ( GVHD ) .	
However , optimal dosage is still under debate .	
Median time to normal CD19(+) cells was 16 months vs 8 months ( P = 0.01 ) .	
CD16(+)CD56(+) and CD8(+) cell reconstitution was similar .	
However , changes in the promoter region could be linked to the risk of developing HCM .	
Further research to define the functional effect of these variants on gene expression is necessary to confirm the role of the MYH7 promoter in cardiac hypertrophy .	
The mitogenic responses of Fen were attenuated by 3-(isopropylamino)-1-[(7-methyl-4-indanyl)oxy]butan-2-ol ( ICI 118,551 ) , a β(2)-AR antagonist , whereas those of MNF were unaffected .	9	93
Unexpectedly , isoproterenol and Fen promoted HepG2 cell growth , but MNF reduced proliferation together with increased apoptosis .	9	81	8
Cell treatment with ( R)-(+)-[2,3-dihydro-5-methyl-3-(4-morpholinylmethyl)pyrrolo[1,2,3-de]-1,4-benzoxazin-6-yl]-1-napthalenylmethanone ( WIN 55,212-2 ) , a synthetic agonist of CB(1)R and CB(2)R , led to growth inhibition , whereas inverse agonists of these receptors blocked MNF mitogenic responses without affecting Fen signaling .	
Because of the coexpression of β(2)-AR and cannabinoid receptors ( CBRs ) and their impact on HepG2 cell proliferation , these Gα(i)/Gα(o)-linked receptors may be implicated in MNF signaling .	9	93
However , the events that result in fenoterol-mediated control of cell proliferation in other cell types are not clear .	
Inhibition of cell proliferation by fenoterol and fenoterol derivatives in 1321N1 astrocytoma cells is consistent with β(2)-adrenergic receptor ( β(2)-AR ) stimulation .	
Despite the expression of β(2)-AR , no cAMP accumulation was observed when cells were stimulated with isoproterenol or Fen , although the treatment elicited both mitogen-activated protein kinase and phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase/Akt activation .	
Here , we compare the effect of the β(2)-AR agonists ( R,R')-fenoterol ( Fen ) and ( R,R')-4-methoxy-1-naphthylfenoterol ( MNF ) on signaling and cell proliferation in HepG2 hepatocarcinoma cells by using Western blotting and [ (3)H]thymidine incorporation assays .	
The β(2)-AR-deficient U87MG cells were refractory to Fen , but responsive to the antiproliferative actions of MNF and WIN 55,212-2 .	
MNF responses were sensitive to pertussis toxin .	
CONCLUSION 7Me-IEITC demonstrated promising cytotoxic effects in endometrial cancer cell line model .	
Pre-treatment with ascorbic acid abrogated 7Me-IEITC induced apoptosis in ECC-1 and KLE cells , suggesting that 7Me-IEITC mediated cytotoxicity is primarily through ROS production .	
The cell viability of 7Me-IEITC treated ECC-1 and KLE endometrial cancer cell was determined by MTS assay .	
METHODS 7Me-IEITC was synthesized in our laboratory .	
This study describes the therapeutic potential of 7 Methyl-indole ethyl isothiocyanate ( 7Me-IEITC ) in endometrial cancer cell lines .	
OBJECTIVE Chemotherapy options for advanced endometrial cancer are limited and newer therapeutic agents are urgently needed .	
RESULTS 7Me-IEITC reduced the viability of the ECC-1 and KLE cancer cell-lines ( IC(50) \u03bcM ) in a dose dependent fashion. 7Me-IEITC treatment caused mitochondrial transmembrane potential reduction , elevated the production of ROS , leading to activation of apoptosis in endometrial cancer KLE and ECC-1 cells. 7Me-IEITC treatment activated Bad , suppressed Bcl2 phosphorylation followed by PARP-1 deactivation and caspase 3 and 7 activation. 7Me-IEITC treatment arrested the progression of KLE cells in S-phase and caused CDC25 and cyclin-D1 downregulation .	
Expression of proteins involved in apoptosis , survival and cell-cycle progression was analyzed by Western blotting .	
The measurement of reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) , mitochondrial transmembrane depolarization potential ( \u0394\u03a8m ) and cell cycle phase was determined by FACS analysis .	
Compared with Gprc5a(+/+) cells , the Gprc5a(-/-) cells produced higher levels of chemokines and cytokines and their conditioned medium induced more extensive macrophage migration .	
Several classes of small-molecules that activate the p53 pathway have been discovered using various approaches .	
Expressions of BMP-1 , BMP-2 , BMP-4 , BMP-5 , BMP-6 , BMP-7 , BMP-9 , and BMP-15 were studied between 2 groups .	
However , with progression of tumor growth , TAMs became nonresponsive to the hormone .	
To this end , several bone-targeted agents have been investigated , most notably zoledronic acid , which is highly effective at stabilizing the bone and preventing skeletal complications .	
More recently , a nuclear factor-β ligand ( RANKL ) inhibitor , denosumab , has been developed for the treatment of bone metastases .	
This , to our knowledge , is the first example of autocrine growth factor activity of a major hormone normotopically expressed .	9	92
Radiation treatment leads to a significant increase in activated caspase-3 positive salivary acinar cells , which is suppressed by pretreatment with Roscovitine .	
Arsenic appears to transform breast epithelia through overexpression of aromatase , thereby activating oncogenic processes independent of ER .	
The aromatase inhibitor letrozole abolished arsenic-induced increases in 17β-estradiol production and reversed cancer cell phenotype .	
Thus , chronic arsenic exposure drives human breast epithelia into a cancer cell phenotype with an apparent overabundance of putative CSCs .	
Overexpression of aromatase , a key rate-limiting enzyme in estrogen synthesis , occurred with arsenic starting early on in exposure .	
Levels of 17β-estradiol increased in CABE cells and their conditioned medium .	
These data indicate the potential of IFNλ , alone or in combination with IFNγ , in the treatment of human lung carcinoma .	
Although it did not suppress cell proliferation , IFNλ signaling via 10R1/λR1 receptor induced cell cycle arrest , externalization of phosphatidylserine , DNA fragmentation , activation of caspase-3 , caspase-8 and caspase-9 .	8	81
However , the caspase inhibitor Z-VAD-FMK did not prevent apoptosis .	8	81
In addition , the extent of induced apoptosis correlate with the expression levels of the IFNλ receptor and the levels of STAT1 activation .	
Lastly , we demonstrated that IFNγ sensitized A549 cells to IFNλ-induced apoptosis , via upregulation of IFNλR1 .	
In this study , we demonstrate that BITC not only induces apoptosis but also induces autophagy in human hormone-sensitive ( Rv1 ) and -refractory ( PC3 ) prostate cancer cells .	82	81	8
Administration of Roscovitine prior to targeted head and neck irradiation preserves normal tissue function in mouse parotid salivary glands , both acutely and chronically , as measured by salivary output .	
The current findings indicate that HER4 overexpression may be associated with refractory disease , and HER4 may be an important therapeutic target .	
The intracellular fragment of HER4 was sufficient to confer this phenotype .	
HER4 functions as a cell cycle suppressor , maintaining resistance to cellular stress .	91	93	9
Overexpressed intracellular HER4 slowed the cell cycle and induced chemoresistance .	91	93	9
CONCLUSIONS The current results indicated that HER4 protects NBL cells from multiple exogenous apoptotic stimuli , including anoikis , nutrient deficiency , and cytotoxic chemotherapy .	8	81
In NBL spheres compared with monolayers , cell proliferation was decreased , and cyclin D expression was reduced .	91	9
HER4 knockdown reversed cyclin D suppression .	91	93	9
The expression of phospho-mTOR ( Ser2481 ) , an indicator of mTOR intrinsic catalytic activity , and phospho-UNC-51-like kinase 1 ( Ser757 ) , a direct substrate of mTOR , were decreased in BITC-treated cells .	
However , the increased expression of phospho-mTOR ( Ser2448 ) , phospho-AKT ( Ser473 ) and antiapoptotic Bcl-2 were detected only in PC3 cells at later stages of BITC treatment .	
Collectively , our results show that BITC induces a protective autophagy response in Rv1 and PC3 cells through inhibition of the mTOR signaling pathway .	82	8
Because of their different in vitro activity we selected IgG3- , IgG2b- , and IgA anti-APO-1 to test their antitumor activity against solid human B lymphoblastoid tumors in SCID mice .	
Thus , APO-1-mediated induction of apoptosis was dependent on efficient cross-linking of APO-1 cell surface Ag , indirectly augmented by anti-APO-1 Fc-Fc self-aggregation .	8	81
All antibody preparations induced tumor regression by induction of apoptosis , even IgG2b anti-APO-1 inactive in vitro without cross-linking .	8	81
The isotypes showed a different serum half-life ( IgG3 : 9.2-10.4 days , IgG2b : 1.9-2.6 days , and IgA : 14.1-29.2 h ) and a different initial tumor localization 4 h after i.p. injection ( IgG3 around the blood vessels , IgG2b homogeneously , and IgA heterogeneously distributed in the tumor ) .	
To investigate the role of the Ig H chain Fc regions we compared induction of apoptosis by the original mAb IgG3 anti-APO-1 with anti-APO-1 F(ab')2 fragments and different anti-APO-1 isotypes ( IgG1 , IgG2b , IgG2a , and IgA ) isolated by sequential sublining .	
Apoptosis , programmed cell death , was previously shown to be induced by the mAb anti-APO-1 ( IgG3 , kappa ) by binding to the APO-1 cell surface Ag , a new member of the nerve growth factor/TNF receptor superfamily .	
Cytotoxic activity of the inactive or less active antibody preparations was fully reconstituted by protein A , anti-mouse Ig , or anti-mouse Ig F(ab')2 , respectively .	
We found that IgG3 was the most active isotype ; IgG1 , IgG2a , and IgA showed intermediate activity , and IgG2b and F(ab')2 were inactive .	
We further identify Nanog as a new target for the transcription factor TR3 .	
This process involves the decreased expression of the stemness-related genes Oct-4 and Nanog and the invasion-related gene MMP-9 .	11	1
Together , these data demonstrate for the first time that TR3 is essential for the maintenance of stem-like properties in human gastric cancer cells and implicate TR3 as a new therapeutic target for gastric cancer .	
As with in vitro , IgG3 anti-APO-1 was the most effective isotype also in vivo .	
The activity of IgA anti-APO-1 , which did not mediate complement-dependent cytotoxicity or antibody-dependent cellular cytotoxicity indicates that apoptosis may be used as the main if not the only mechanism of induction of tumor regression in vivo .	8	81
Knocking down TR3 leads to the suppression of its stem-like properties in both gastric cancer cells and tumorsphere cells .	
The present study shows that TR3 expression is increased in gastric tumorsphere cells and is positively correlated with cancer stem cell ( CSC ) characteristics .	
In summary , we have elucidated the underlying mechanism for the antiangiogenic action of RPP , which attenuates HIF1α protein accumulation and signaling .	
RPP ( 10 mg/L , 4 h ) downregulated Cdc42 protein expression .	
This caused a corresponding increase in pVHL protein levels and a subsequent degradation of HIF1α .	
One of the promising therapeutic approaches on breast cancer is to use the drugs that target the estrogen receptor ( ER ) .	
Breast cancer is the second most common cancer with a high incidence rate worldwide .	
It evinced more potent cytotoxicity toward estrogen receptor ( ER)-positive MCF7 breast cancer cells than ER-negative MDA-MB-231 cells .	
In the present investigation , marmorin , a type I ribosome inactivating protein from the mushroom Hypsizigus marmoreus , inhibited the survival of breast cancer in vitro and in vivo .	
Knockdown of ERα in MCF7 cells significantly attenuated the inhibitory effect of marmorin on proliferation , suggesting that the ERα-mediated pathway was implicated in the suppressive action of marmorin on ER-positive breast cancer cells .	
Further study disclosed that marmorin undermined the expression level of estrogen receptor α ( ERα ) and significantly inhibited the proliferation of MCF7 cells induced by 17β-estradiol .	9	93	92
It brought about G2/M-phase arrest , mitochondrial membrane potential depolarization and caspase-9 activation in MCF7 cells , and to a lesser extent in MDA-MB-231 cells .	91	81	9	8
Moreover , marmorin induced time-dependent apoptosis in both MCF7 and MDA-MB-231 cells .	8	81
In summary , marmorin exhibited inhibitory effect on breast cancer partially via diminution of ERα and apoptotic pathways mediated by mitochondrial , death receptor and ERS .	8	93	81	9
Marmorin triggered the death receptor apoptotic pathway ( e.g. caspase-8 activation ) and endoplasmic reticulum stress ( ERS , as evidenced by phosphorylation of PERK and IRE1α , cleavage of caspase-12 , and up-regulation of CHOP expression ) in both MCF7 and MDA-MB-231 cells .	8	81
The potent apoptotic activities of bigelovin in human leukemia U937 cells were shown in our previous study .	
Bigelovin is a sesquiterpene lactone isolated from the plant Inula helianthus-aquatica which was traditionally used in cancer treatment in Yunnan , China .	
Furthermore , the inhibitory activities of bigelovin on the human endothelial cell adhesion molecules ( CAMs ) were also examined .	
The present study investigated the anti-angiogenic and immunomodulatory effects of bigelovin using transgenic zebrafish Tg(fli1a:EGFP)y1 with fluorescent blood vessels and human peripheral blood mononuclear cells ( PBMCs ) , respectively .	
Ang2 and Tie2 ) of the zebrafish were down-regulated after bigelovin treatment .	7	71
Our results showed that the growth of subintestinal vessels of the bigelovin-treated zebrafish embryos was significantly inhibited and the gene expressions in angiogenesis signaling pathways ( e.g .	7	71
IFN-γ , IL-2 and IL-12 ) were suppressed in bigelovin-treated PBMCs .	
Besides , the proliferation and Th1 cytokines productions ( e.g .	
ICAM-1 , VCAM-1 and E-selectin ) were significantly down-regulated in bigelovin-treated human endothelial cells .	a	a2
On the other hand , bigelovin was shown to significantly inhibit the human monocyte adhesion to human endothelial cells and the gene expressions of inflammation-related CAMs ( e.g .	a	a2
CONCLUSION Proteomic analysis showed for the first time that proteins , which are critically involved in the mucosal immune system of the esophagus , are distinctly expressed in BE and EAC , whereas others are comparably altered in both diseases , suggesting that many pathogenic events might be shared by both diseases .	2	21
The detoxification reactions with glutathione compete with reactions between BPAQ and DNA .	
Eleven of the 20 patients with tumors measuring < 5 cm are alive with no evidence of disease .	
Tumor necrosis was present in 10 cases ; eight of these patients died of disease and one is alive with disseminated metastases .	1	12
METHODOLOGY/PRINCIPAL FINDINGS Treatment with Roscovitine prior to irradiation induced a significant increase in the percentage of cells in the G(2)/M phase , as demonstrated by flow cytometry .	91	9
We demonstrated a highly depolymerizing effect on in vitro tubulin assembly and conclude that PDA-66 acts as microtubule destabilising agent .	
Topological proteomic analysis , therefore , helps us to understand the different pathogenic events in the underlying disease pathways .	
Oxidative metabolism of bisphenol A yields electophilic bisphenol A-3,4-quinone ( BPAQ ) , which may cause genotoxicity .	
To determine the genotoxic potential of bisphenol A , the mechanism of the reaction between the BPAQ and deoxyadenosine ( dA ) was studied in detail .	
Bisphenol A is a monomer used in the production of polycarbonate plastics , epoxy resins , and flame retardants .	
In contrast , mice treated with radiation exhibit no differences in the percentage of cells in G(2)/M when compared to unirradiated controls .	91	9
It is an endocrine disruptor with a variety of other effects , including genotoxicity .	
Amplification of the HER-2 ( c-erbB-2 ) gene and overexpression of the p185HER-2 gene product is found in approximately one-third of primary human breast and ovarian cancers and is associated with a poor clinical outcome of early relapse and death .	
Consistently , delivery of these small RNAs to the juvenile liver concomitant with AAV markedly improved in vivo hepatocyte transduction .	
Our results highlight the role of HuR as a homeostatic coordinator of mRNAs that encode molecules that guide innate inflammatory effects and demonstrate the potential of harnessing the effects of HuR for clinical benefit against pathologic inflammation and cancer .	a	a2
We observed that expression of members of the MRN complex ( Mre11 , Rad50 , Nbs1 ) , which bind the incoming AAV genomes , faded in cardiomyocytes at weeks after birth , as well as upon myoblast differentiation in vitro ; in both cases , withdrawal of the cells from the cell cycle coincided with increased AAV permissivity .	
Here , we show that upon terminal differentiation , cardiac and skeletal myocytes downregulate proteins of the DNA damage response ( DDR ) and that this markedly induces permissivity to AAV transduction .	
The reason for their exquisite tropism for these cells has long remained elusive .	
The HER-2 gene encodes a cell-surface growth factor receptor with intrinsic tyrosine kinase activity .	
MKK6EE also induces biochemical features of senescence in a p38-dependent manner , including enhanced expression of p21(CIP) , a cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor .	42	4
Consistent with the senescent phenotype , p38(HOG) activation induces a G(1) cell cycle arrest , which is permanent and irreversible after 4 days .	91	9	42	4
Here we demonstrate that stable expression of an activated form of MKK6 ( MKK6EE ) , a direct activator of the stress-induced p38(HOG) mitogen-activated protein kinase pathway , is sufficient for inducing features of senescence including a flattened , vacuolated , and irregular morphology , staining for acidic beta-galactosidase , and accumulation of age-associated pigments .	42	4	9	921	92
Cellular senescence , initially observed during subculturing of normal diploid fibroblasts , can also be induced by chronic exposure to cellular stress , such as UV light , oxidative stress , or DNA damaging agents .	
Wild-type human HER-2 has been shown to act as a potent oncogene when over-expressed in mouse fibroblasts .	
In RAD and rad3 cells , the majority of the conversions were associated with plasmid integration , while in rad1 cells most were non-crossover events .	
Plasmid to chromosome gene conversion was observed most frequently at the TRP1 locus , and was accompanied by plasmid loss .	
Plasmid-chromosome recombination was stimulated by psoralen damage , and required RAD52 function .	
Chromosome to plasmid gene conversion was seen most frequently at the HIS3 locus .	
The level of repair also depended on the conditions of transformant selection ; repair was more efficient in medium lacking tryptophan than in medium from which either histidine or uracil was omitted .	62	6
The plasmid repair differential between these selective media was greatest in rad1 cells , and depended on RAD52 .	62	6
Repair was assayed as the relative transformation efficiency .	
A recombination-deficient rad52 strain was the least efficient in the repair of psoralen-damaged plasmids ; excision repair-deficient rad1 and rad3 strains had repair efficiencies intermediate between those of rad52 and RAD cells .	62	6
Psoralen photoreaction with DNA produces interstrand crosslinks , which require the activity of excision and recombinational pathways for repair .	
Yeast replicating plasmids , carrying the HIS3 , TRP1 , and URA3 genes , were photoreacted with psoralen in vitro and transfected into Saccharomyces cerevisiae cells .	
Here we identify a link between oncogenic B-RAF , the transcriptional repressor Tbx3 , and E-cadherin .	
The RNA-binding protein HuR binds to and regulates such mRNAs , but its exact role in inflammation remains unclear .	
For this purpose , we used MCT4 to identify glycolytic cells .	
To assess whether this mechanism also applies during cancer cell metastasis , we analyzed the bioenergetic status of breast cancer lymph node metastases , by employing a series of metabolic protein markers .	
Consistent with the " reverse Warburg effect, " our results indicate that metastatic breast cancer cells amplify oxidative mitochondrial metabolism ( OXPHOS ) and that adjacent stromal cells are glycolytic and lack detectable mitochondria .	1	31	12	3
Similarly , we used TO MM20 and COX staining as markers of mitochondrial mass and OXPHOS activity , respectively .	
In this model , glycolytic stromal cells produce mitochondrial fuels ( L-lactate and ketone bodies ) that are then transferred to oxidative epithelial cancer cells , driving OXPHOS and mitochondrial metabolism .	
We have recently proposed a new two-compartment model for understanding the Warburg effect in tumor metabolism .	
We have termed this new cancer paradigm the " reverse Warburg effect, " because stromal cells undergo aerobic glycolysis , rather than tumor cells .	
Thus , stromal catabolism fuels anabolic tumor growth via energy transfer .	
The innate immune response involves a variety of inflammatory reactions that can result in inflammatory disease and cancer if they are not resolved and instead are allowed to persist .	
Double labeling experiments with glycolytic ( MCT4 ) and oxidative ( TO MM20 or COX ) markers directly shows that at least two different metabolic compartments co-exist , side-by-side , within primary tumors and their metastases .	
Glycolytic stromal cells included cancer-associated fibroblasts , adipocytes and inflammatory cells .	a	31	a2	3
Here we analyzed by confocal and electron microscopy the NMJ structure in the diaphragm of SOD1G93A mice at symptom onset .	
Several lines of evidence indicate that neuromuscular junction ( NMJ ) destruction and disassembly is an early phenomenon in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis ( ALS ) .	
In addition , the size of the synaptic vesicle pool was reduced and alterations of mitochondria were observed in approximately 40% of the remaining presynaptic terminals .	
Hence , p38α MAP kinase inhibitor can be a potential therapeutic agent for human oral cancer .	
METHODS SCp2 mammary epithelial cells were treated with bacterial endotoxin ( ET ) for different time periods and analyzed for induction of IL-6 secretion and NO production by ELISA and Griess reaction , respectively .	
These features were represented by the number of vesicles docked within 200 nm from the presynaptic membrane and area of acetylcholine receptor clusters .	
Chronic treatment of SOD1G93A mice with the anabolic steroid nandrolone during the presymptomatic stage preserved the diaphragm muscle mass and features indicative of synaptic activity .	
However , innervation of diaphragm muscle fibers was only slightly increased in nandrolone-treated SOD1-mutant mice .	
Structural preservation of mitochondria was documented in presynaptic terminals .	
This enzyme-kinetic amplification dominates over the Ang-II mediated feedback reduction of renin secretion .	
High Ang-N levels thus facilitate hypertension via small increases of Ang II and may influence the effectiveness of renin-angiotensin system inhibitors .	
These observations provide further evidence on the anti-tumor effect of periplocin , and it may be of importance to further explore its potential role as a therapeutic agent for cancer .	
Selective inhibition of NFκB activation by Wedelolactone reduced ET-induced expression of IL-6 mRNA and protein but not iNOS mRNA or NO production , suggesting differences in IL-6 and iNOS regulation via NFκB .	
Moreover , periplocin induced apoptosis by downregulating Bcl-2 and upregulating Bax , leading to activation of caspase-3 and caspase-9 .	8	81
These findings suggested that periplocin could inhibit the growth of lung cancer both in vitro and in vivo , which could be attributed to the inhibition of proliferation and the induction of apoptosis signaling pathway , such as AKT and ERK .	
Immunohistochemical analysis revealed that intratumoral angiogenesis was significantly suppressed .	7	71
Furthermore , anti-cancer activity mediated by periplocin was associated with decreased level of phosphorylated AKT and ERK both in vitro and in vivo , which were important for cell growth and survival .	921	92	9
Periplocin inhibited the growth of lung cancer cells and induced their apoptosis in time- and dose-dependent manners by cell cycle arrest in G0/G1 phase .	51	5	511	8	81
Periplocin exhibited anti-tumor activity both in human ( A549 ) and mouse ( LL/2 ) lung cancer xenograft models .	
Periplocin is one of cardenolides isolated from cortex periplocae which is used for treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and reinforcement of bones and tendons in traditional medicine .	
Here , we investigated the anti-tumor activity of periplocin against lung cancer cells bothin vitro and in vivo , and explored its anti-cancer mechanism .	
In an effort to recapitulate the effects of IGF-1 , as well as increase the likelihood of translating these findings to the clinic , the small molecule therapeutic Roscovitine , is being tested .	
Explanted primary cultures have been the only option to study transport across arachnoid cell membranes , but practical limitations of primary culture include slow growth , early senescence , and poor reproducibility .	
Modeling the behavior of mammalian arachnoid cells is critical to understand hydrocephalus and other brain disorders involving abnormal flow of cerebrospinal fluid , yet relatively little is known about the physiology of arachnoid cells due to lack of a robust three-dimensional model system .	
We established and partially characterized two immortalized cell lines generated from primary rat arachnoid cells , using retroviral gene transfer of SV40 large T antigen ( SV40 LTAg ) either with or without human telomerase ( hTERT ) .	4	41
The purpose of this study was to create immortalized rat arachnoid cell lines to permit in vitro study of arachnoid granulations and properties of cerebrospinal fluid ( CSF ) flow .	
An androgen-stimulated LNCaP[HSD3] xenograft proof of concept model was developed to study the efficacies of STX2171 and a more established 17β-HSD3 inhibitor , STX1383 ( SCH-451659 , Schering-Plough ) , in vivo .	
The established cell lines stably express either SV40 LTAg alone , or SV40 LTAg and hTERT , and demonstrate high proliferative rate , contact inhibition at confluence , and stable expression of protein markers characteristic of native arachnoid cells over more than 160 passages .	5	52
STX2171 is a novel selective non-steroidal 17β-HSD3 inhibitor with an IC50 of nM in a whole cell assay .	
17β-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenases ( 17β-HSDs ) catalyse the 17-position reduction / oxidation of steroids. 17β-HSD type 3 ( 17β-HSD3 ) catalyses the reduction of the weakly-androgenic androstenedione ( adione ) to testosterone , suggesting that specific inhibitors of 17β-HSD3 may have a role in the treatment of hormone-dependent prostate cancer and benign prostate hyperplasia .	
In contrast , cytochrome P450 family 4 , subfamily a , polypeptide 8 ( Cyp4a8 ) , and monocyte to macrophage differentiation-associated ( Mmd2 ) were down-regulated relative to controls .	
Both inhibitors also significantly lowered plasma testosterone levels in intact mice .	
Mouse bodyweights were unaffected .	
These finding indicate that TRβ is a tumor suppressor and could be tested as a potential therapeutic target .	
In the present study , we examined HCB effect on c-Src/human epidermal growth factor receptor ( HER1 ) and ERα signaling pathways in mammary glands and in N-nitroso-N-methylurea ( NMU)-induced mammary tumors in rats .	
From investigation of clinical cancer tissues , we found high expression of MRGD in several lung cancers by immunohistochemistry as well as real time PCR .	
Furthermore , it was found that the ligand of MRGD , beta-alanine , enhanced spheroid formation in MRGD-expressing NIH3T3 cells .	
We have demonstrated that HCB is a tumor co-carcinogen in rats and an inducer of proliferation in MCF-7 cells , in an estrogen receptor α ( ERα)-dependent manner , and of migration in MDA-MB-231 breast cancer cell line .	
Based on these results , MRGD could be involved in tumorigenesis and could also be a novel anticancer drug target .	
The expression pattern of MRGD in clinical samples was also analyzed .	
To elucidate the function of MAS-related GPCR , member D ( MRGD ) in cancers , we investigated the in vitro and in vivo oncogenic function of MRGD using murine fibroblast cell line NIH3T3 in which MRGD is stably expressed .	
In other words , overexpression of MRGD in NIH3T3 induced the loss of contact inhibition , anchorage-independent growth and in vivo tumorigenesis .	5	52
We found that overexpression of MRGD in NIH3T3 induced focus formation and multi-cellular spheroid formation , and promoted tumors in nude mice .	
Lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer-related deaths in the world .	
The development of breast cancer strongly depends on endocrine conditions modulated by environmental factors .	
Several signaling pathways were selected for further mechanistic analyses using real time-PCR and Western blot assays .	
Hexachlorobenzene ( HCB ) is an organochlorine pesticide that acts as an endocrine disruptor in humans and rodents .	
It is possible that tumoral evolution induces a disregulation at PBMCs level or other cells level that persists unexpectedly , after tumour excision or apoptotic processes , in a certain level to be independent and anterior to tumour development .	
The presence of increased values for PBMCs and sFas after tumour excision , primary or metastasis is surprising and hard to explain .	1	12	81	8
Tumor growth , metastasis , body weight , and levels of interleukin 18 ( IL-18 ) and interferon γ ( IFN-γ ) were analyzed .	
The goal of these studies is to identify common batteries of genes affected by chemical modulators of the carcinogenic process .	
Mechanistic studies may allow us to correlate alterations in their expression with sequential stages in the carcinogenic process and may aid in the risk assessment of other xenobiotics .	
In the tumor prevention study , a Fe-Lf diet in combination with tamoxifen caused a 4 day delay in tumor formation , and significantly inhibited tumor growth and metastasis to the liver and lung by 48 , 58 , and 66% ( all P < 0.001 ) , respectively , compared to untreated controls .	
HCB also enhances Y537-ERα phosphorylation and ERα/c-Src physical interaction .	
We also observed a substantial upregulation of components of the innate immune system , α-defensin-5 and lipocalin 2 .	a1	a
UNLABELLED ABSTRACT : BACKGROUND Tamoxifen is used in hormone therapy for estrogen-receptor ( ER)-positive breast cancer , but also has chemopreventative effects against ER-negative breast cancers .	
In the present study the administration of the chemopreventive agent lupulone over the course of 7 weeks postinitiation reduced the number of preneoplastic lesions in the colonic mucosa by 50% .	
By using the rat azoxymethane ( AOM)-induced colon carcinogenesis model , which mirrors many clinical features of human colorectal cancer , we examined whether genetic changes occurring early in colonic mucosa are predictive of treatment efficacy .	
Here , we identify several target genes that could be considered early biomarkers of colon carcinogenesis and indicative of drug efficacy .	
Lupulone induced the expression of apoptosis-related genes and caused a reversal of the B-cell lymphoma/leukemia 2 ( Bcl-2 ; antiapoptotic ) to Bcl-2 associated X protein ( Bax ; proapoptotic ) transcript and protein ratios ( Bcl-2/Bax > 1 in AOM controls and Bcl-2/Bax < 1 in lupulone-treated AOM rats ) .	8	81
The percentage of T-cells was higher in animals with MC-BMT without metastasis , while the percentage of B-lymphocytes was greater in animals with metastasized MC-BMT ( P < 0.05 ) .	1	2	12	21
Despite the clinical manifestation , the lymphocytes represented the predominant cell type in the tumor infiltrate .	
Our data show that HCB increases c-Src and HER1 activation , c-Src/HER1 association , and Y699-STAT5b and ERK1/2 phosphorylation in mammary glands .	9	93
The basic aim of the present study is to investigate the effects of soy isoflavones ( SIF ) on 12-O-tetradecanoylphorbol-13-acetate ( TPA)-induced cutaneous inflammatory responses and to explore the underlying molecular mechanisms .	
Using NIH3T3 and MOTN-1 , ERK activation , increased cell proliferation and survival by KRAS G12A were shown , suggesting the important role of KRAS G12A in IL-2-independent growth of PLT-2 .	
Cell apoptosis was evaluated using flow cytometry and Hoechst 33342 staining .	
Moreover , MEK inhibitor , PD98059 , as well as farnesylation inhibitor inhibited PLT-2 cell growth .	
Animals were divided into five groups I-V ( n=6 ) .	
All cell lines expressed the ER beta .	9	93
Rats were separated into four groups : control , HCB ( 100 mg/kg b.w. ) , NMU ( 50 mg/kg b.w. ) and NMU-HCB .	
Pomegranate fruit is a rich source of phytochemicals endowed with potent antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties .	
We previously reported that pomegranate phytochemicals inhibit diethylnitrosamine ( DENA)-initiated hepatocarcinogenesis in rats though nuclear factor E2-related factor 2 ( Nrf2)-mediated antioxidant mechanisms .	
Liver cancer , predominantly hepatocellular carcinoma ( HCC ) , represents a complex and fatal malignancy driven primarily by oxidative stress and inflammation .	
Due to dismal prognosis and limited therapeutic intervention , chemoprevention has emerged as a viable approach to reduce the morbidity and mortality of HCC .	
There was a significant increase in hepatic expressions of inducible nitric oxide synthase , 3-nitrotyrosine , heat shock protein 70 and 90 , cyclooxygenase-2 and NF-κB in DENA-exposed rat livers .	
PE dose-dependently suppressed all aforementioned elevated inflammatory markers .	a	a2
Since Nrf2 also acts as a key mediator of the nuclear factor-kappaB ( NF-κB)-regulated inflammatory pathway , our present study investigated the anti-inflammatory mechanisms of a pomegranate emulsion ( PE ) during DENA-induced rat hepatocarcinogenesis .	
Rats were administered with PE ( 1 or 10 g/kg ) 4 weeks before and 18 weeks following DENA initiation .	
A conspicuous finding of this study involves lack of cardiotoxicity of PE as assessed by monitoring cardiac function using noninvasive echocardiography .	
Our results provide substantial evidence that suppression of the inflammatory cascade through modulation of NF-κB signaling pathway may represent a novel mechanism of liver tumor inhibitory effects of PE against experimental hepatocarcinogenesis .	a	a2
Furthermore , we evaluated histopathological changes and serum hormone levels .	
Effective anti-tumor immunity and serious autoimmunity can be disassociated .	
Further targeting of anti-tumor T(regs)in combinatorial therapy approaches may be a rich avenue of future investigation .	
This sequential treatment resulted in clinically significant anti-tumor immunity without grade 3 or 4 toxicity in most patients .	
Pathological analyses following treatment of pre-existing tumors revealed a linear correlation between tumor necrosis and the ratio of intra-tumoral CD8+ effector cells to FoxP3+ regulatory cells ( T(regs) ) .	83	2	21	8
Autoimmune side-effects , the most common being colitis-associated diarrhea , are frequently associated with clinical responses .	
In efforts to build upon prior vaccination efforts as well as attempt to offer patients clinically meaningful immune responses with a CTLA-4 blockade but without significant toxicities , we conducted a clinical trial in patients who previously received autologous tumor cells engineered to secrete granulocyte-macrophage colony stimulating factor ( GVAX ; Cell Genesys , South San Francisco , CA , USA ) with periodic infusions of CTLA-4 blocking antibodies .	
Recent trials administering fully human anti-CTLA-4 monoclonal antibodies to melanoma patients have demonstrated clinically meaningful responses .	
Treatment with CTLA-4 blocking antibodies , however , is not without potential toxicities .	
Abstract The use of immunotherapeutics in melanoma has received much attention , and recent advances to further characterize the regulatory components of the immune system and the importance of co-stimulatory molecules have opened a new area for clinical investigation .	
Cytotoxic T lymphocyte-associated antigen 4 ( CTLA-4 ) serves as a negative regulator of immunity .	
DNA damage by eight compounds found in diesel exhaust , benzo[a]pyrene , 3-nitrobenzanthrone , 1-nitropyrene , 1,3-dinitropyrene , 1,6-dinitropyrene , 1,8-dinitropyrene , 6-nitrochrysene , and 3-nitrofluorene , was assessed by ( 32 ) P-postlabeling and the alkaline comet assay in primary HUFs and in an immortal HUF cell line J201 .	
This model validates incorporation of components of the ASMO model into patient care and clinical trials that use VEGF-targeting agents .	71	7	711
Cox proportional hazards regression was used to identify independent prognostic factors for OS .	
The Hupki ( human TP53 knock-in ) mouse embryo fibroblast ( HUF ) immortalization assay is useful for studying mutagenesis in the human TP53 gene by environmental carcinogens .	
Three of the seven adverse prognostic factors according to the Anatolian Society of Medical Oncology ( ASMO ) were independent predictors of short survival : serum lactate dehydrogenase ( LDH ) greater than the upper limit of normal ( ULN ; p<0.001 ) ; neutrophils greater than the ULN ( p<0.0014 ) ; and progression free survival ( PFS ) less than 6 months ( p =0.001 ) .	
CONCLUSION Serum LDH and neutrophil levels were the main prognostic factors in predicting survival , followed by PFS .	
OBJECTIVE Angiogenesis represents a key element in the pathogenesis of malignancy .	
There are no robust data on prognostic factors for overall survival ( OS ) in patients with metastatic colorectal cancer treated with vascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF)-targeted therapy .	
The present study was conducted to establish a prognostic model for patients using an oxaliplatin-based or irinotecan-based chemotherapy plus bevacizumab in metastatic colorectal cancer .	
Prior to initiating an immortalization assay , carcinogen treatment conditions must be optimized , which can require a large number of cells .	
Approximately 50% of human tumors have a mutation in TP53 .	
Finally , the conditioned media , which included IL6 , from starved HeLa cells promoted cancer cell survival in both normal and starved conditions , confirmed by clonogenic , proliferation and cell death assays .	
Activated STAT3 directly bound to IL6 promoter and increased IL6 mRNA and protein secretion .	
These data together indicate that the autophagic process in cancer cells can contribute to their survival by JAk2/STAT3 activation and subsequent secretion of growth factors .	82	92	9	8
However , its roles in tumor survival have not yet been fully elucidated .	
Autophagy is one of the survival processes of cancer cells , especially in stressful conditions such as starvation , hypoxia and chemotherapeutic agents .	
STAT3 activation was associated with autophagic processes , because it was completely inhibited by 3-methyladenine , partially inhibited by knockdown of molecules associated with autophagic processes and blocked by antioxidants , DPI , a Nox inhibitor and knockdown of p22 phox , indicating that ROS generated by Nox that was activated during autophagic processes activated JAK2/STAT3 pathway .	9	8	82	921	92
Here , we found for the first time that JAK2/STAT3 was activated in HeLa cells when they were starved or treated with rapamycin .	9	8	82	921	92
This study shows the effect of pterostilbene on intracellular neutral lipid accumulation in MCF-7 breast cancer cells leading to growth arrest and autophagy .	
On exposing the breast cancer cells with 30 μM pterostilbene for 72 h there was almost 2-folds increase in neutral lipids and triglycerides .	
Also the phytochemical caused a 4-folds increase in the expression of adipogenic differentiation marker c/EBPα .	
Further , pterostilbene inhibited 3β-hydroxylsterol-Δ(7)-reductase , the enzyme which catalyzes the last step conversion of 7-dehydrocholesterol to cholesterol , and thereby causes the intracellular accumulation of the former sterol .	
These results were associated with over-expression of oxysterol binding protein homologue and liver X receptor ( LXR ) by Pterostilbene also caused a simultaneous increase in the expression autophagic marker proteins Beclin 1 and LC3 II ( microtubule-associated protein 1 light chain 3 ) by approximately 6-folds , which leads to an alternative pathway of autophagy .	
These effects were observed in association with the loss of mitotic and metastatic potential of MCF-7 cells which was abolished in the presence of catalase ( ROS scavenger ) or 3MA ( autophagic inhibitor ) .	
Thus the present data shows that the long term exposure to pterostilbene causes growth arrest in MCF-7 cells which may be due to differentiation of the mammary carcinoma cells into normal epithelial cell like morphology and activation of autophagy .	
In our current investigation , we found that TRAIL could induce the cleavage of two key autophagic proteins , Beclin-1 and Atg5 , in the combination treatment .	82	8
After the EC9706 cells were exposed to 100 nmol/L bufalin,the number of cells gradually decreased in G(1) phase and increased in S and G(2)/M phases(p<0.05) .	91	9
The typical nucleus morphological changes of apoptosis were observed and the apoptotic index was increased(p<0.01) .	8	81
Overall , our data indicate that the cleavage of Beclin-1 and Atg5 by TRAIL-initiated caspase activation is one of the mechanisms that lead to the enhancement of the cytotoxicity in the combination treatment .	
In contrast , calpain inhibitor could not prevent the cleavage of either Beclin-1 or Atg5 , and was unable to prevent cell death .	
Further interventional studies are needed .	
Methods EC9706 cells were treated with bufalin at various concentrations , and then the cell growth inhibition of EC9706 cells was examined by CCK-8 assay and the 50% inhibitory concentration ( IC(50) ) was calculated.Cell cycle analysis was performed by flow cytometry with PI staining , and nucleus morphology of apoptosis were observed by fluorescence microscopy with Hoechst 33342 staining .	
The apoptotic index was measured by flow cytometry with Annexin V-FITC/PI double staining. hTERT subcellular localization and protein expression were determined by Western blotting and multiple immunofluorescence labling combined with laser confocal scanning microscopy .	
Results The proliferation of EC 9706 cells was significantly inhibited by bufalin along with the increase of processing time and concentrations ( p<0.01 ) .	
We examined the association between senescence and DDR with macrophage levels in inflammatory bowel disease ( IBD ) .	
In vitro experiments tested the ability of macrophages to induce senescence in primary cells .	42	4
Real-time PCR was employed to validate the differentially expressed genes .	
Interestingly , we figured out that the deregulations of these genes are caused neither by genomic aberrations nor methylation status .	
Inflammation modulating microRNAs were identified in senescence colon tissue for further investigation .	42	4
However , little is known about how Gadd45a participates in the suppression of malignancy in human cancer cells .	
To examine the functions of Gadd45a in cell invasion and metastasis , we performed the adhesion , wound-healing and transwell assays in Gadd45a ( +/+ ) and Gadd45a ( -/- ) MEF cell lines .	
Gadd45a , the first well-defined p53 downstream gene , can be induced by multiple DNA-damaging agents , which plays important roles in the control of cell cycle checkpoint , DNA repair process and signaling transduction .	
Our previous findings suggested that Gadd45a maintains cell-cell adhesion and cell contact inhibition .	
Compared with the Gadd45a wild type cells , the Gadd45a deficient cells showed a wide range of transcripts alterations .	
The altered gene pathways were predicted by the MAS software , which indicated focal adhesion,cell communication,ECM-receptor interaction as the three main pathways .	
We found the adhesion , migration and invasive abilities were much higher in Gadd45a deficient cells .	11	1
We furthermore applied high-throughput cDNA microarray analysis and bioinformatics analysis to analyze the mechanisms of Gadd45a gene in invasion and metastasis .	
Moreover , both sHGF and sVEGF levels were significantly elevated in AML patients with extra-medullary infiltration as compared to those without ( P=0.000 , 0.006 , respectively ) .	
The sHGF but not sVEGF levels were significantly elevated in patients who died compared to those who relapsed and to patients in complete remission ( P=0.02 , 0.08 , respectively ) .	
The highest concentrations were found in M5 followed by M4 .	
SHGF and sVEGF were directly correlated with peripheral white cell counts ( WBC ) ( r=0.836 , P=0.000 , r=0.718 ; P=0.000 , respectively ) , but inversely correlated with blast cell distribution ratio ( BCDR ) ( r=-0.785 , P=0.000 , r=-0.664 , P=0.000 , respectively ) .	
Our results revealed significantly increased plasma levels of sHGF and sVEGF at diagnosis when compared to both control and remission levels ( P=0.000 for both ) .	71	7	711
The sHGF and sVEGF levels differed between AML FAB subtypes ( P=0.000 ) .	
Sixty-three patients with AML and 15 normal controls were included in this study .	
The levels of sHGF and sVEGF were determined by enzyme linked immunosorbent assay at diagnosis and after remission induction chemotherapy .	
There is little understanding of the factors controlling the mobilization of blast cells from bone marrow to peripheral blood and tissues .	
The aim of this study was to evaluate the soluble hepatocyte growth factor ( sHGF ) and vascular endothelial growth factor ( sVEGF ) levels in newly diagnosed patients with acute myeloid leukemia ( AML ) and to correlate these levels with the clinico-pathological features .	
SIGNIFICANCE The results suggest that Nrf2/HO-1 signaling pathway may be the primary target for prevention of cisplatin-induced nephrotoxicity by EGCG , and that reduces it inflammation by inhibiting NF-kappaB .	a	a2
We now show that Ascl1 directly regulates matrix metalloproteinase-7 ( MMP-7 ) and O(6)-methylguanine-DNA methyltransferase ( MGMT ) .	
The results showed an increased secretion of angiogenic factors and a higher resistance against hypoxia in MSC(miR-126) compared with the control cells .	71	7	711
In this study we examined the effects of all-trans-retinoic acid ( ATRA ) , the active metabolite of vitamin A , and ATRA plus 5-FU on two HNSCC cell lines ( YCU-N861 and YCU-H891 ) to gain insight into the molecular mechanisms of FAR therapy .	
ATRA at 1 mM ( the order of concentration found in HNSCC tumors treated with FAR therapy ) inhibited cell proliferation and caused G1 cell cycle arrest in both cell lines .	91	9
We have used a combination of vitamin A ( all-trans-retinyl palmitate ) , 5-fluorouracil ( 5-FU ) and radiation to treat human head and neck squamous cell carcinoma ( HNSCC ) .	
This chemoradiotherapy is called " FAR therapy. "	
Both ATRA and 5-FU activated c-Jun N-terminal kinase ( JNK ) 1 and the combination of both agents resulted in additive or synergistic activation of JNK1 , and also enhanced the induction of apoptosis .	8	81
The YCU-H891 cells , in which the epidermal growth factor receptor ( EGFR)-signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 ( Stat3 ) pathway is constitutively activated , were more resistant to treatments with ATRA , 5-FU and the combination of both agents than YCU-N861 cells .	
CONCLUSIONS The large majority of all EOCs contained cysts .	
With YCU-N861 cells , ATRA also caused a decrease in Bcl-2 and Bcl-X(L) and an increase in Bax .	8	81
In univariate regression analysis , early FIGO stage , low tumor grade and a large tumor size were significantly associated with the presence of cysts ( OR ( 95% CI)=5.312 ( 1.81-15.57 ) , 6.906 ( 2.31-20.66 ) and 1.169 ( 1.08-1.27 ) , respectively ) .	
The most common histological subtypes ( serous , mucinous , endometrioid , clear cell ) contained cysts in more than 85% of the cases .	
RESULTS Cysts in EOC were present in 83.7% of the patients and were mostly ( 61% ) multilocular .	
Univariate and multivariate logistic regression were used to analyze the relationship between the presence of cysts and other tumor characteristics .	
STUDY DESIGN From 233 patients with primary EOC who underwent surgery , pathological data were collected from pathology reports .	
Demonstrating the prevalence of cysts in EOC is essential for research focused on predictive and prognostic biomarkers in ovarian cyst fluid .	
However , the exact prevalence of cysts in epithelial ovarian cancer ( EOC ) has never been documented as well as the tumor factors that are related to the presence of cysts .	
OBJECTIVE Ovarian carcinomas mostly appear as large cystic masses .	
In conclusion , N-terminally truncated Lats1 induced Lats2 downregulation and Yap protein accumulation , leading to chromosomal instability and tumorigenesis .	6
We further demonstrate that whole blood may serve as a convenient alternative to the isolated lymphocytes in mtDNA analysis .	
In addition , knockdown of coronin 3 significantly reduced liver metastasis in mice after tail vein injection of gastric cancer cells .	1	12
In contrast , up-regulation of coronin 3 significantly enhanced migration and invasion of MKN28-NM cells .	11	1
We also demonstrated that the expression of coronin 3 was remarkably higher in lymph lode metastases than in primary gastric cancer tissues , and over-expression of coronin 3 was correlated with the increased clinical stage and lymph lode metastasis .	1	12
RESULTS The expression of coronin 3 was higher in the highly metastatic sub-cell line MKN28-M , which we established in our laboratory .	
Stable knockdown of coronin 3 by this lentiviral vector could efficiently inhibit the migration and invasion of MKN45 gastric cancer cells .	11	1
Recombinant lentiviral vectors encoding shRNAs were designed to down-regulate coronin 3 expression in gastric cancer cell lines .	
In glioblastoma cells , the knockdown of coronin 3 inhibits cell proliferation and invasion .	
BACKGROUND Coronins are a family of highly evolutionary conserved proteins reportedly involved in the regulation of actin cytoskeletal dynamics , although only coronin 3 has been shown to be related to cancer cell migration .	
In this paper , we analyze the migration , invasion and metastasis abilities of gastric cancer cells after up- or down-regulation of coronin 3 , and explore the mechanism of coronin 3 in the process of gastric cancer metastasis .	
Coronin 3 is also associated with the aggression and metastasis of hepatocellular carcinoma .	
RESULTS The analysis resulted in identification of a 1975C>T mutation in exon 17 , resulting in substitution of arginine residue with stop codon at codon 659. 655A>G substitution was also observed , resulting in replacement of isoleucine with valine at codon 219 .	63	6
Based on the supercoiling-sensitive real-time PCR method , we propose a new approach for the noninvasive monitoring of systemic oxidative stress by quantifying the mtDNA structural damage and copy number change in isolated lymphocytes in a single test .	
Therefore , the HB-2 and HB96 cell lines are useful tools to study the mechanism of carcinogenesis of OSCC in vitro for future genomic and proteomic analyses .	
OBJECTIVE To study the mechanism of interleukin 7/interleukin 7 receptor ( IL-7/IL-7R ) in promoting cell proliferation and inducing lymphangiogenesis of non-small cell lung cancer ( NSCLC ) in vivo and in vitro .	
Increased proliferative activity was confirmed by MTT assays .	
The tumorigenicity was confirmed by tumor growth experiments in nude mice .	
The HB-2 cells displayed uncontrolled cell division and lost contact inhibition leading to cell overlap .	5	52
Cells were polygonal and unevenly shaped , with an increased nucleus versus plasma ratio .	
Based on the previous cell line , HIOEC-B(a)P-96 ( HB96 ) , which we obtained by HPV16 E6/E7-immortalized human oral epithelial cells ( HIOEC ) and benzo(a)pyrene inducement , we prepared a new HB-second generation cancer cell line ( HB-2 ) by continuous passage .	
Its characteristics such as morphology , proliferation activity , karyotype , and tumorigenesis were studied .	
Oral squamous cell carcinoma ( OSCC ) is the most common malignant tumor in the oral and maxillofacial region .	
The mechanism of carcinogenesis of OSCC is still unclear .	
The results showed that Pu-erh tea significantly increased the fractions of na�ve T lymphocytes , CD8(+)CD28(+) T lymphocytes and NK cells in the peripheral blood , but decreased the levels of IL-6 in aged mice .	2	21
Ethnically matched 250 normal individuals were also included as controls to study the observed mutations/polymorphisms at population level .	
IL-7/IL-7R over-expression correlated with cyclin D1 expression ( P < 0.01 , P < 0.01 ) , VEGF-D expression ( P < 0.01 , P < 0.01 ) , increased lymphovascular density ( P = 0.005 , P = 0.013 ) , advanced clinical stage ( P = 0.008 , P = 0.005 ) and presence of lymph node metastasis ( P < 0.01 , P < 0.01 ) .	12	71	1	9	7	91
Metabolic maps and CE-MRIs were subsequently correlated to histology and immunohistochemistry .	
RESULTS IL-7 ( 63.2% , 60/95 ) , IL-7R ( 61.1% , 58/95 ) , cyclin D1 ( 52.6% , 50/95 ) and VEGF-D ( 58.9% , 56/95 ) showed that high level of expression in NSCLC .	
In addition , ATX expression was examined in normal human hepatocytes and liver cancer cell lines .	
ATX was detected mainly in tumor cells within tissue sections and its over-expression in HCC was specifically correlated with inflammation and liver cirrhosis .	
Proinflammtory cytokine tumor necrosis factor alpha ( TNF-alpha ) promoted ATX expression and secretion selectively in Hep3B and Huh7 cells , which led to a corresponding increase in lysophospholipase-D activity .	a	a2
Hepatoma Hep3B and Huh7 cells displayed stronger ATX expression than hepatoblastoma HepG2 cells and normal hepatocytes did .	
Both ATX and LPA have been shown to be involved in many cancers .	
BACKGROUND Autotaxin ( ATX ) is an extracellular lysophospholipase D that generates lysophosphatidic acid ( LPA ) from lysophosphatidylcholine ( LPC ) .	
RESULTS In this study , ATX expression was evaluated in tissues from 38 human HCC and 10 normal control subjects .	
However , the functional role of ATX and the regulation of ATX expression in human hepatocellular carcinoma ( HCC ) remain elusive .	
UVB-induced inflammatory responses were diminished by NO-sulindac as observed by a remarkable reduction in the levels of phosphorylated MAP Kinases Erk1/2 , p38 and JNK1/2 .	a	a2
IL-7/IL-7R could promote proliferation of A549 cell , increase cyclin D1 and VEGF-D expression , and enhance c-Fos/c-Jun expression and phosphorylation , resulting in formation of heterodimer .	7	711	9	71	91
Further study showed that secreted enzymatically active ATX stimulated Hep3B cell invasion .	11	1
Moreover , we explored the mechanism governing the expression of ATX in hepatoma cells and established a critical role of nuclear factor-kappa B ( NF-kappaB ) in basal and TNF-alpha induced ATX expression .	
Nuclear Msx2 correlated with low-grade tumours ( P = 0.015 ) , estrogen receptor positivity ( P = 0.038 ) , low Ki67 ( P = 0.005 ) and high cyclin D1 expression ( P = 0.037 ) .	91	93	9
These results provide a strong rationale for studying the effects of folate manipulation on the prostate in vivo , where cells might be more sensitive to changes in folate status resulting from folate supplementation or antifolate therapeutic approaches .	
In addition , we elucidate for the first time the contribution of these aspects to consequent phenotype changes in epithelial cells .	
MUC4 expression was also significantly correlated with better disease-free survival ( p=0.049 ) and particularly in the intestinal-type ( p=0.018 ) .	
DKK1 may be a potential therapeutic target for ICC .	
Our present findings demonstrated that loss of MUC4 expression can be used as a prognostic marker in gastric cancer .	
Cytoplasmic Msx2 expression was associated with low grade tumours ( P = 0.012 ) and Ki67 negativity ( P = 0.018 ) .	
Loss of MUC4 expression is a prognostic indicator of increased recurrence and poor disease-free survival in patients with gastric cancer .	
We showed in a previous study that soluble low-molecular-mass tumor-associated antigens ( sTAA ) promote the anti-tumor effect of the anticancer drug cyclophosphamide ( CPA ) on rat mammary carcinogenesis .	
Analysis of matching gene expression data demonstrated a parallel enrichment for changes in immune-system and inflammatory pathways .	a1	a2	a
A significant number of genes with smoking-altered mRNA expression had inverse changes in methylation status .	
In this report , we analyzed the possible mechanism underlying this phenomenon .	
Alveolar macrophages play a critical role in the inflammation and remodeling of the lung parenchyma in smoking-related lung disease .	
Significant gene expression changes in alveolar macrophages from smokers have been identified .	
Cigarette smoking is implicated in numerous diseases , including emphysema and lung cancer .	
The clinical expression of lung disease in smokers is not well explained by currently defined variations in gene expression or simple differences in smoking exposure .	
In this study , alveolar macrophage DNA from heavy smokers and never smokers was isolated and methylation status at 25,000 loci determined .	
We found differential methylation in genes from immune-system and inflammatory pathways .	a1	a2	a
However , the mechanism for these changes remains unknown .	
One potential mechanism for smoking-altered gene expression is via changes in cytosine methylation in DNA regions proximal to gene-coding sequences .	
CONCLUSIONS DKK1 is a novel prognostic biomarker for ICC , and it enhances tumor cell invasion and promotes lymph node metastasis of ICC through the induction of MMP9 and VEGF-C .	1
The multi-kinase inhibitor dasatinib induced a variable but significant decrease of viability in both p53(wild-type) ( EHEB , JVM-2 , JVM-3 ) and p53(mutated) ( MEC-1 , MEC-2 , BJAB ) prolymphocytic B leukemic cells , due to a combination of cell cycle block in G1 and apoptosis .	51	5	511	8	81
CDA-2 ( cell differentiation agent 2 ) , a urinary preparation , has potent anti- proliferative and pro-apoptotic properties in cancer cells .	
It is therefore concluded that 2-DG is of potential interest in the treatment of malignancies .	
The tumor growth was significantly reduced by 2-DG in all experimental groups , with no difference between the groups .	
Since local application of 2-DG avoids the risk for systemic side effects , this approach should be explored further .	
We examined the association between candidate disease-susceptibility polymorphisms in the single nucleotide polymorphism ( SNPs ) like TLR2 ( -196 to-174del ) , TLR3 ( C1377T ) , TLR4 ( Thr399Ile ) and TLR9 ( G2848A ) genes in patients with bladder cancer in a North Indian population .	
An animal model would therefore be helpful for evaluation of new treatment modalities for oral SCC .	
Allelic and genotypic frequencies of these TLRs SNP from histopathologically confirmed patients of bladder cancer ( n=200 ) and unrelated healthy controls of similar ethnicity ( n=200 ) were genotyped by polymerase chain reaction restriction fragment length polymorphism ( PCR-RFLP ) analysis .	
METHODS : SNPs were comprised of TLR2 ( -196 to -174 Del ) , TLR3(C1377T) , TLR4 ( Thr399Ile ) and TLR9 ( G2848A ) genes .	
TLR2 with heterozygous genotype ID showed a 3-fold risk and combination of heterozygous and variant genotype ( ID+DD ) also showed a 5-fold risk with tumor stage/grade of patients with bladder cancer .	
RESULTS : In TLR2 I/D gene polymorphism , the combination of ID+DD showed a significant 3-fold increased risk ( p=0.001 ) .	
CONCLUSIONS : Our results suggested the involvement of TLR2 ( -196 to-174 del ) in bladder cancer susceptibility ; however , TLR3 , 4 and 9 genes were not associated with risk of bladder cancer , implicating that polymorphisms in these tested TLRs genes are not likely to be associated with increased risk for developing bladder cancer .	
The incidence of oral squamous cell carcinoma ( SCC ) is increasing but the long-term survival rate remains low .	
Functional studies in ethnically diverse populations may provide a more comprehensive involvement of innate immunity in identifying the disease-associated variants for the etiology of bladder cancer .	2	21
The toxins induced DNA degradation , and light and electron microscopical studies revealed that lysis was preceded by reorganization of intracellular vacuoles , cell blebbing , and chromatin condensation both in Vero and in MDCK cells .	
We chemically induced tongue squamous cell carcinoma in rabbits and subsequently established a rabbit squamous cell line .	
Most prominent was the B-RAF-mediated transcriptional repression of E-cadherin , a keratinocyte-melanoma adhesion molecule whose loss is intimately associated with melanoma invasion and metastasis .	1
We also demonstrate here a novel cross-talk of the EGFR system with fibroblast growth factor 19 ( FGF19 ) .	9	92
The chromosome number ranged from 71 to 272 , with a modal value of 145 ( 12.4% ) .	
We and others have identified a central role for the EGFR ligand amphiregulin ( AR ) in the proliferation , survival and drug resistance of HCC cells .	
The epidermal growth factor receptor ( EGFR ) signaling system is commonly activated in HCC , and is currently being evaluated as a therapeutic target in combination therapies .	
These findings indicate that mutations to the proximal histidine residues affect MtrA expression , leading to loss of extracellular respiration ability .	
Electron microscopy revealed that cells were polygonal with rich microvilli on the surface , and there were desmosomes between cells and bundles of tonofibril beside the cell membrane .	
We demonstrate that HCC cells expressing the T41A β-catenin active mutant show enhanced proliferation that is dependent in part on AR expression and EGFR signaling .	9	93
Activation of β-catenin signaling , or expression of the T41A β-catenin active mutant , led to the induction of AR expression involving three specific β-catenin-Tcf responsive elements in its proximal promoter .	
Here we identify the β-catenin signaling pathway as a novel mechanism leading to transcriptional activation of the AR gene in human HCC cells .	
We also found that β-catenin signaling was activated upon Dox treatment .	
EC144 , a synthetic Hsp90 inhibitor , blocked LPS-induced TLR4 signaling in RAW 264.7 cells by inhibiting activation of ERK1/2 , MEK1/2 , JNK , and p38 MAPK but not NF-κB .	9	92
One gene highlighted by this data was the FLT1 , and further studies found particular up-regulation of a splice variant encoding a soluble inhibitory form of the receptor .	
In conclusion , chronic cigarette smoke exposure altered DNA methylation in specific gene promoter regions in human alveolar macrophages .	
The deletions/mutations found in DLBCLs are largely monoallelic , indicating that FBXO11 is a haplo-insufficient tumour suppressor gene .	
We reveal a molecular mechanism controlling BCL6 stability and propose that mutations and deletions in FBXO11 contribute to lymphomagenesis through BCL6 stabilization .	
Because several signal transduction molecules that are dependent on Hsp90 function are also involved in activation of innate and adaptive cells of the immune system , we investigated the mechanism by which inhibiting Hsp90 leads to therapeutic efficacy in rodent models of inflammation and autoimmunity .	
Cell death was not reversed by preexposure to myriocin , which blocks PSC 833-induced ceramide generation .	
CONCLUSION : Although the role of ceramide in end-point cytotoxicity is unclear , our results suggest that acid ceramidase is a viable target in pancreatic cancer .	
It has been confirmed that increased production of reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) under various pathological conditions impairs HSC self-renewal and causes HSC premature exhaustion and BM suppression primarily via induction of HSC senescence , and oncogene induces accumulation of ROS and DNA damage and subsequently cellular senescence , which functions as an important barrier to prevent the growth of transformed cells to form a neoplasia .	
The mechanisms by which hematopoietic stem and progenitor cells ( HSC and HPC ) from myelodysplastic syndromes ( MDS ) undergo ineffective production of blood cells and disease transformation into acute myeloid leukemia remain to be investigated .	
In this study , the percentages of SA-β-gal positive senescent CD34(+) cells increased in lower-risk MDS patients , but not in higher-risk MDS and AML patients , compared to that of healthy controls .	42	4
Here we investigated whether MDS CD34(+) cells enriched with HSC and HPC undergo senescence through accumulation of ROS and DNA damage and their action mechanisms .	
Further study found that there were increased ROS and DNA damage in CD34(+)CD38(-) cells enriched with HSC progression from lower-risk MDS , higher-risk MDS to AML .	a	21	a21	61	a2	6	2
The increases were associated with an elevated expression of p21 but not the activation of p38 .	
Therefore , these data suggest that CD34(+) cells from patients with lower-risk MDS present p21 dependent premature senescence , increased accumulation of ROS and DNA damage in CD34(+)CD38(-) cells could contribute to this process ; however , CD34(+) cells from patients with higher-risk MDS could develop some mechanisms to uncouple ROS and DNA damage induced senescence .	a21	21	42	61	a2	4	a	6	2
A five-fold increase of the dose of BCG did not overcome the effect of INH .	2	21
INH probably did not exert a direct suppression of the immune system of the guinea pig as the DNCB skin reactivity was not influenced .	2	21
The induction of mononuclear cell infiltration in the bladder wall was reduced .	
Enlargement of the regional lymph nodes ( weight and number of cells ) , and increase of MHC Class II expression on the lymph node cells , normally observed after intravesical BCG administration , were inhibited by INH .	2	21
Systemic immunity , measured by the DTH reaction in the skin to PPD , was also diminished due to the combined treatment of BCG with INH .	2	21
When INH was administered during the last 4 of 6 BCG instillations , the immune response to BCG was still impaired .	2	21
At present , isoniazid ( INH ) is being used prophylactically to reduce the side effects of intravesical BCG therapy for superficial bladder cancer , although it is not clear whether or not this reduces the antitumor efficacy of BCG .	
In this study the impact of INH treatment on the immune response after repeated intravesical BCG administration was investigated in guinea pigs .	
INH was given on the 3 days around each BCG instillation .	
We found that the administration of INH severely impaired the immunological effects of BCG .	2	21
This mutagenicity may be responsible for its tumorigenic activity .	63	6
Codon 12 mutations maintain Ras in a constitutively active state leading to continuous cellular proliferation .	
However , the significance of ANXA2 expression in gastric carcinoma has not been clarified.To elucidate its roles in growth of gastric cancer , ANXA2 expression in SGC-7901 cells was inhibited with a designated siRNA , then cell proliferation , cell cycling , apoptosis and motility were determined by MTT assay , flow cytometry , Hoechst 33342 staining and wound healing assay , respectively .	
ANXA2 , a member of the annexin family , is overexpressed and plays important roles in tumor development .	
We found that inhibition of ANXA2 expression caused cell proliferation to decrease significantly with G1 arrest , motility to be reduced with changes in pseudopodia/filopodia structure and F-actin and β-tubulin expression , and apoptosis to be enhanced albeit without significance .	9	51	511	5	91	8	81
This resistance is often associated with mutations in codon 12 of the K-Ras gene ( K-Ras 12 ) , which is present in over 90% of all pancreatic adenocarcinomas .	
Cis-diamminedichloroplatinum ( II ) ( cisplatin ) is a well characterized antitumor drug used for the treatment of a variety of human cancers .	
The cytotoxicity of cisplatin is mainly mediated through the formation of DNA adducts , which are also believed to be responsible for the secondary malignancies produced by the drug .	
The aim of this study was to determine the in vivo mutagenic activity of cisplatin in the lacZ plasmid-based transgenic mouse model .	
The mutant frequency ( MF ) and the spectrum of mutations induced by cisplatin in the mouse liver were analyzed and compared to controls .	
The mean MF in the lacZ gene was increased 2-fold in mice treated with a single 6 mg/kg body weight dose of cisplatin and sacrificed after 17 and 28 days ( P = 0.001 and P < 0.0001 ) .	63	6
On the other hand , using ( R)-HNE-modified and ( S)-HNE-modified keyhole limpet hemocyanins as the antigens , we raised the monoclonal antibodies , mAbR310 and mAbS412 , which enantioselectively recognized the ( R)-HNE-histidine and ( S)-HNE-histidine adducts , respectively .	61	611	6
A specific profile of base substitution and frameshift mutations was identified in treated mice , consisting primarily of G:C-->A:T transitions at GpG and ApG sites , the preferential DNA binding sites of cisplatin , and single basepair deletions/insertions .	63	6
The present results provide the first evidence that cisplatin has mutagenic activity in vivo and induces a characteristic pattern of mutations in the mouse liver .	63	6
The relative amounts of these isomers in the NMR analysis correlated with the relative energies calculated by molecular orbital methods .	
Our studies show BITC induced TRAIL sensitization by dual activation of both the extrinsic and intrinsic apoptotic pathways .	8	81
BxPC3 , MiaPaCa2 and Panc-1 human pancreatic adenocarcinoma cell lines were examined for TRAIL resistance .	
We observed that SFN was devoid of either RNA damaging and RNA protective activity in human leukemic cells .	61	6
It was able to potentiate the RNA damage by doxorubicin and spermine .	
In the first case , the effect was attributable to its ability of modulating the bioreductive activation of doxorubicin .	
For spermine , the effects were mainly due to its modulation of ROS levels produced by spermine metabolism .	
BACKGROUND The isothiocyanate sulforaphane ( SFN ) possesses interesting anticancer activities .	
BITC is a component of cruciferous vegetables and a cell cycle inhibitor .	
This effect was mediated through downregulation of the anti-HBV immune response .	2	21
Considering the ability of SFN to protect from genotoxicity , we also examined whether SFN is able to protect from RNA damage induced by different chemicals ( doxorubicin , spermine , S-nitroso-N-acetylpenicillamine , H(2)O(2) ) .	
In addition , we raised monoclonal antibodies against ( R)-HNE-histidine and ( S)-HNE-histidine adducts , characterized their specificities , and examined in vivo localizations of each adduct under oxidative stress .	
As to the cytotoxic relevance of the RNA damage , we found that the treatment of cells with a mixture of spermine or doxorubicin plus SFN increased their proapoptotic potential .	61	6	81	8
Thus it is conceivable that the presence of RNA damage might concur to the overall toxic response induced by a chemical agent in targeted cells .	
ROS , in turn , damages DNA .	
Consequently , EC144-treated mice were resistant to LPS administration and had suppressed systemic TNF-α release .	
Diets rich in fruits and vegetables are associated with lower risk of cancer which may be conferred in part by the antioxidant properties of these foods .	
To model amyloid deposition in AD , we generated a new mouse line based on the presence of two copies of the genomic region encoding human wild-type A\u03b2PP as well as a mutation ( L166P ) in the murine Psen1 .	
IDH1-R132H mutation status was analyzed using immunohistochemistry , and MGMT promoter methylation was assessed using methylation-specific polymerase chain reaction .	
This group displayed upregulation of proteins involved in migration , adhesion , angiogenesis , cell cycle regulation , anti-apoptosis and epithelial to mesenchymal transition , whereas the " less-aggressive " group was engaged in keratinocyte differentiation , epidermis development , inflammation and immune response .	11	7	a1	9	a2	a	71	91	8	1	81
PATIENTS AND METHODS Data on patients with histologically proven primary GBM diagnosed from 18 through 40 years of age were retrospectively analyzed .	
Using transgenic mice which constitutively expressed human Ascl1 in airway lining cells , we found that there was a delay in lung tumorigenesis .	
Here , we have analyzed the role of Yen1 in DNA repair in S. cerevisiae , and show that while yen1Delta mutants are repair-proficient , yen1Delta mus81Delta double mutants are exquisitely sensitive to a variety of DNA-damaging agents that disturb replication fork progression .	62	6
All patients were treated with standard first-line therapy .	
BACKGROUND Young age is a favorable prognostic factor for patients with glioblastoma multiforme ( GBM ) .	
We reviewed the outcomes and molecular tumor characteristics of adolescent and young adult patients with GBM treated in 2 Austrian centers .	
By months of age , these mice have begun to develop cerebral A\u03b2 pathology with a significant increase in the levels of A\u03b2PP C-terminal fragments and A\u03b242 , as well as increase A\u03b242/A\u03b240 ratio .	
Meanwhile , the effects of HIF1alpha/glycolytic inhibitors were evaluated on the TKTL1 transfectants .	
RESULTS TKTL1 exhibits high frequency of promoter hypomethylation in HNSCC tumors compared with the normal mucosas , correlating with its overexpression in HNSCC .	
In contrast , serum from patients with pancreatitis did not show significant increases in IGF-I and IGFBP-3 levels , however , significant increases in IGFBP-1 level ( 2.5 fold ) .	
Overexpression of TKTL1 increased the production of fructose-6-phosphate and glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate , in turn elevating the production of pyruvate and lactate , resulting in the normoxic stabilization of the malignancy-promoting transcription factor HIF1alpha and the upregulation of downstream glycolytic enzymes .	31	3
PURPOSE This study aims to investigate the role of the aberrant expression of Transkelolase-like 1 ( TKTL1 ) in head and neck squamous cell carcinoma ( HNSCC ) tumorigenesis and to characterize TKTL1 contribution to HNSCC tumorigenesis through aerobic glycolysis and HIF1alpha stabilization .	
Mouse models of Alzheimer disease ( AD ) have been generated based on Amyloid-\u03b2 Precursor Protein ( A\u03b2PP ) and the Presenilin ( PSEN ) gene mutations associated with familial AD ( FAD ) .	
EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN TKTL1 promoter hypomethylation and mRNA/protein aberrant expression were studied in human HNSCC tumor samples and normal mucosas .	
We developed a novel genetically engineered fibroblast cell line that completely prevents tumor formation in mice , with a 100% protection rate .	
Oncogenic functions of TKTL1 were examined in HNSCC cell line panels and tumor xenograft models with TKTL1 expression construct .	
The metabolite levels of fructose-6-phosphate , glyceraldehydes-3-phosphate , pyruvate , lactate , and the levels of HIF1alpha protein and its downsteam glycolytic targets were compared between the TKTL1-expressing and vehicle-expressing HNSCC cells .	
This data supports the existence of two distinct but parallel pathways in the development of dysgerminoma , in which mutational status of c-KIT might parallel the presence of TSPY .	
Positive OCT3/4 staining was present in all gonadoblastomas and dysgerminomas investigated , TSPY expression was only seen in the gonadoblastoma/dysgerminoma lesions of the 16 DSD patients .	
Collectively , our findings suggest a previously unrecognized function of cyclin D1 in suppressing autophagy in the mammary epithelium .	82	8
Such models have provided valuable insights into AD pathogenesis and represent an important research tool for the discovery of potential treatments .	
These results demonstrate that expression of mutant Atm in mice gives rise to phenotypic differences compared to Atm(-/-) mice and has implications for heterogeneity described in the human syndrome .	
Increased expression of FasL in these tumours may account for the higher levels of apoptosis .	8	81
A characteristic of the lymphomas appearing in Atm-Delta SRI mice was an increased rate of apoptosis compared to the corresponding tumours in Atm(-/-) mice .	8	81
These animals had a longer lifespan than Atm gene disrupted mice ( Atm(-/-) ) and they developed less thymic lymphomas .	
In this model , a 9 nucleotide in-frame deletion was introduced into the Atm gene and has been designated Atm-Delta SRI .	63	6
In order to study DNA damage recognition and the abnormalities of genome instability and cancer predisposition that occur in A-T patients , we generated a mouse model expressing a mutant form of Atm corresponding to a common human mutation .	63	6
One of these , ATM , the product of the gene mutated in the human genetic disorder ataxia-telangiectasia ( A-T ) , recognises double strand breaks in DNA caused by ionizing radiation and radiomimetic chemicals .	
Several members of the phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase family play key roles in recognising and responding to damage in DNA , induced by a variety of chemicals and other agents .	
Each single-amino-acid variant had a circular dichroism spectrum that differed from that of the wild-type Pat protein , suggesting that loss of enzymatic activity in the mutant proteins was likely due to an inability to acquire its biologically active fold .	
Five of the seven residues were located in the N-terminal region of Pat and two were located in the GNAT-like domain .	
This approach revealed seven residues that , when changed , resulted in drastic loss of Pat activity in vitro which caused a discernable loss-of-function phenotype .	
Here we report the use of positive selection for identification of residues critical for Pat enzyme activity .	
Although the role of the GNAT-like domain is likely responsible for the catalytic activity of Pat , the role of the N-terminal domain remains unclear .	
Pat is a kDa protein with two distinct domains , an N-terminal acyl-CoA synthetase ( NDP-forming ) domain ( aa ) and a C-terminal acetyltransferase domain ( aa ) , with homology to proteins of the Gcn5-related N-acetyltransferase ( GNAT ) superfamily .	
In Salmonella enterica , the protein acetyltransferase ( Pat ) enzyme is part of the sirtuin-dependent acylation/deacylation system ( SDPADS ) that modulates the activity of several proteins via the acylation of lysine residues critical to their activities .	
More specifically , we examined the autocrine and paracrine effects of the cellular delivery of TNF-alpha on breast cancer tumor growth and cancer metabolism .	
Any lesion that blocks primer extension should be detectable .	
CONCLUSION DNA strand breakage can be detected sensitively in the gene level by RDPCR .	612	61	6
RESULTS This randomized terminal linker-dependent PCR ( RDPCR ) method could generate band signals many-fold stronger than conventional ligation-mediated PCR ( LMPCR ) , and it was more rapid , convenient and accurate than the terminal transferase-dependent PCR ( TDPCR ) .	
DNA breaks in p53 gene produced by restriction endonuclease AfaI were detected by using this new method followed by Southern hybridization with DIG-labeled probe .	
METHODS Starting with mammalian genomic DNA , single-stranded products were made by repeated primer extension , these products were ligated to a double-stranded linker having a randomized 3 ' overhang , and used for PCR .	
OBJECTIVE To design and develop a novel , sensitive and versatile method for in vivo foot printing and studies of DNA damage , such as DNA adducts and strand breaks .	
We found a mostly combined induction of MDR1 , LRP , PKC tau and PKC zeta by CAM , ETO and VCR .	
Cell cycle analysis was performed to identify possible correlation between resistance factors , PKC isozymes and proliferation .	
Sublethal concentrations of drugs were used to exclude short-term effects caused by selection .	
We examined the inducibility of drug resistance ( MDR1 , MRP1 , LRP ) and protein kinase C ( PKC ) isozyme ( alpha , epsilon , eta , theta , tau , zeta ) corresponding genes in A2780 ovarian cancer cells after a 24-hour treatment with adriamycin ( ADR ) , camptothecin ( CAM ) , etoposide ( ETO ) or vincristine ( VCR ) .	
Our analysis points to a possible link between atypical PKC tau/PKC zeta and MDR1/LRP in cytostatic stress response of cancer cells .	
Cell cycle analysis showed that A2780 cells responded with a marked G2/M arrest after a 24-hour treatment with CAM , ETO and VCR but an association between the induction of PKC isozymes corresponding genes and proliferation was not seen .	511	5	51
PKC alpha , epsilon , eta and theta gene expression altered variably .	
We conclude that Ascl1 potentially enhances DNA repair through activation of MMP-7 and MGMT which may impact lung carcinogenesis and chemoresistance .	62	6
In addition , we show that recombinant hMRE11 and hMLH1 proteins interact when these two proteins are coexpressed in bacterial cells , and both proteins can be co-immunoprecipitated from human cell extracts .	62	6
In the current study , we provide evidence that hMRE11 interacts physically with the mismatch repair protein hMLH1 through yeast two-hybrid analysis .	62	6
Together , these data suggest that hMRE11 and hMLH1 might act in a co-operative fashion during DNA damage detection , signaling , and repair .	61	62	6
Furthermore , hMRE11 and hMLH1 display similar expression patterns when examined with a human normal/tumor DNA array .	62	6
Within this context , the mammalian MRE11 represents an essential multifunctional protein that promotes repair of DNA double-strand breaks and plays a role in the signaling of DNA damage response .	
In both mitotic and meiotic processes , cellular surveillance of the integrity of genetic information transmission from parental cells to their subsequent generations is carried out by a network of proteins primarily involved in cell-cycle regulation , DNA replication , DNA repair , and chromosome segregation .	
However , at present time the functional roles of hMRE11 in these cellular processes are elusive .	
Mutations in human hMRE11 gene could contribute to the rare " AT-like " disorder .	
Natural killer ( NK ) and CD56(+) T cells are thought to play a central role in antitumour immunity .	
Their cytolytic activities are controlled by a variety of receptors including CD94 and killer immunoglobulin-like receptors ( KIR ) , which bind to major histocompatibility complex ( MHC ) class I molecules on target cells and mediate cell activation or inhibition .	
We have examined the numbers , phenotypes and antitumour cytotoxic functions of hepatic NK and CD56(+) T cells isolated from 22 patients with hepatic malignancy and 19 healthy donors .	
Flow cytometry revealed that NK cell numbers were increased among hepatic mononuclear cells in malignancy compared to histologically normal livers ( mean : 38% vs 27% ; P=0.03 ) , but CD56(+) T cell numbers were not ( 28% vs 27% ) .	2	21
NK cells and CD56(+) T cells from tumour-bearing livers exhibited lymphokine-activated killing of K562 targets and T cell receptor-mediated lysis of P815 cells .	2	21
The expression of CD94 and the KIR isotypes CD158a , CD158b and KIR3DL1 by CD56(+) T cells and NK cells was significantly and consistently reduced in tumour-bearing livers compared to healthy livers ( P<0.05 in all cases ) .	2	21
Simultaneous ligation of CD158a , CD158b and KIR3DL1 caused an overall partial inhibition of CD56(+) T cell cytotoxic activity , suggesting that the observed reductions in KIR(+) cell numbers in malignancy are likely to lead to enhanced cytotoxicity .	2	21
Our results suggest that , while hepatic CD56(+) T cells are not expanded in malignancy , downregulation of KIR and CD94 expression may be a mechanism by which the hepatic immune system can be activated to facilitate tumour rejection .	2	21
In order to disentangle the effect of the nano-design architecture , a comparison with the effects of dispersed metal atoms at the same concentration has been performed .	
Data from pulmonary function analyses indicated that a restrictive lung disease was present in male and female rats exposed to 4 mg/m(3) or greater , while an obstructive lung disease was present only in the 16 mg/m(3) groups. 3-MONTH STUDY IN MICE : Groups of 10 male and 10 female mice were exposed to par	
The incidences of several nonneoplastic lesions of the lung and nose were significantly increased in males and females exposed to 2 mg/m(3) or greater .	
Importantly , elevated ROS and dysregulation of mTORC1 in ATM-deficient cells is inhibited by rapamycin , which also rescues lymphomagenesis in Atm-deficient mice .	
We show that in response to elevated ROS , ATM activates the TSC2 tumor suppressor via the LKB1/AMPK metabolic pathway in the cytoplasm to repress mTORC1 and induce autophagy .	a	a21	a2	82	8
Our results identify a cytoplasmic pathway for ROS-induced ATM activation of TSC2 to regulate mTORC1 signaling and autophagy , identifying an integration node for the cellular damage response with key pathways involved in metabolism , protein synthesis , and cell survival .	a	a21	a2	82	8
However , ATM also has been implicated in metabolic regulation , and ATM deficiency is associated with elevated reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) .	
Ataxia-telangiectasia mutated ( ATM ) is a cellular damage sensor that coordinates the cell cycle with damage-response checkpoints and DNA repair to preserve genomic integrity .	
We have identified a cytoplasmic function for ATM that participates in the cellular damage response to ROS .	
ROS has a central role in many physiological and pathophysiological processes including inflammation and chronic diseases such as atherosclerosis and cancer , underscoring the importance of cellular pathways involved in redox homeostasis .	
During embryogenesis , REDD1 expression mirrors the tissue-specific pattern of the p53 family member p63 , and TP63 null embryos show virtually no expression of REDD1 , which is restored in mouse embryo fibroblasts following p63 expression .	
We identified REDD1 as a novel transcriptional target of p53 induced following DNA damage .	61	6
REDD1 appears to function in the regulation of reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) ; we show that TP63 null fibroblasts have decreased ROS levels and reduced sensitivity to oxidative stress , which are both increased following ectopic expression of either TP63 or REDD1 .	a21	a2	a
In differentiating primary keratinocytes , TP63 and REDD1 expression are coordinately downregulated , and ectopic expression of either gene inhibits in vitro differentiation .	
This animal model may be suitable to test drugs aimed at inhibiting expression or altering splicing and processing of A\u03b2PP , without artifacts associated with the presence of mutations in A\u03b2PP or overexpression due to the use of exogenous promoters .	
Thus , REDD1 encodes a shared transcriptional target that implicates ROS in the p53-dependent DNA damage response and in p63-mediated regulation of epithelial differentiation .	a	a21	61	a2	6
However , after 4 weeks post-implantation , TNF-alpha-expressing breast cancer cells failed to form any tumors in xenografted mice ( 0 tumors/10 injections ) , ultimately conferring 100% protection against tumorigenesis .	
We conclude that TGF alpha is the predominant growth factor present in normal ovaries and benign ovarian tumours .	9	92
The frequency of detection and levels of TGF alpha measured were significantly higher than those of EGF in the normal ovary group ( P < 0.001 ) and also in the benign ovarian group ( P < 0.005 ) .	9	92
The effects of CD70-expressing glioma cells on PBMCs were mimicked by agonistic CD27 antibodies .	8	81
Neutralization of CD70 expressed on glioma cells prevented apoptosis and enhanced the release of tumor necrosis factor-alpha in cocultures of glioma cells and PBMCs .	8	81
Epidermal growth factor was present in 12.7% of normal ovaries , with a range 0.030-0.533 ng/mg DNA , and in 31.8% of benign ovarian tumours , with a range 0.1335-2.080 ng/ml DNA .	9	92
Epidermal growth factor ( EGF ) and transforming growth factor alpha ( TGF alpha ) content was measured in normal ovaries and benign ovarian tumours .	
The TGF alpha content in post menopausal benign ovarian tumours was significantly higher ( P < 0.0001 ) than TGF alpha in the pre-menopausal normal ovarian group .	9	92
TGF alpha was present in 84.5% of normal ovaries , with a range of values from 0.037-18.2 ng/mg DNA , and in 84.1% of benign ovarian tumours , with a range of 0.083-195 ng/mg DNA .	9	92
Further studies need to be conducted to validate these findings .	
In addition , our data indicate unfavorable disease process of EGFR mutated tumors .	9	93	63	6
The frequency of active-caspase-3-positive apoptotic cells was 17-fold increased 3 days after IR and remained >3-fold elevated at all subsequent time points .	
At 96 days most of the cells with RIFs had disappeared .	
Little is known about the DNA damage response after high-dose exposure of the skin .	
BACKGROUND Exposure to high doses of ionizing radiation ( IR ) can lead to localized radiation injury of the skin and exposed cells suffer dsDNA breaks that may elicit cell death or stochastic changes .	
METHODS AND FINDINGS IR-induced DNA damage , repair and cellular survival were studied in 15 cm(2) of minipig skin exposed in vivo to Co-60 \u03b3 rays .	
Here , we investigate the cellular and DNA damage response in acutely irradiated minipig skin .	
High-dose IR induced massive \u03b3-H2AX phosphorylation and high 53BP1 RIF numbers 4 h , 20 h after IR .	
Skin biopsies of control and 4 h up to 96 days post exposure were investigated for radiation-induced foci ( RIF ) formation using \u03b3-H2AX , 53BP1 , and active ATM-p immunofluorescence .	
Macroscopically , these tumors were pedunculated polypoid masses on the roof of the nasopharynx .	
As time progressed RIF numbers dropped to a low of <1% of keratinocytes at 28-70 days .	
To analyze the contribution of glycolysis to the energy supply during apoptosis , experiments were carried out with cells deprived of glucose .	31	3
The prediction of tumor behavior for patients with oral carcinomas remains a challenge for clinicians .	
Pyruvate constitutes a critical branch point in cellular carbon metabolism .	
The study has uncovered a novel and unexpected function of Ascl1 which will contribute to better understanding of lung carcinogenesis and the broad implications of transcription factors in tobacco-related carcinogenesis .	
A key step in this process is the resolution of recombination intermediates such as Holliday junctions ( HJs ) .	
Microscopically , they were characterized by papillary and glandular epithelial proliferation .	
Tumor necrosis factor ( TNF ) is an important inflammatory cytokine and induces many cellular responses , including inflammation , cell proliferation , apoptosis , and necrosis .	
It is known that receptor interacting protein ( RIP ) kinases , RIP1 and RIP3 , are key effectors of TNF-induced necrosis , but little is known about how these two RIP kinases mediate this process , although reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) generation and JNK activation have been suggested to be two downstream events of RIP kinases .	
Here we report the identification of mixed lineage kinase domain-like , MLKL , as a key RIP3 downstream component of TNF-induced necrosis .	
Through screening a kinase/phosphatase shRNA library in human colon adenocarcinoma HT-29 cells , we found that knockdown of MLKL blocked TNF-induced necrosis .	83	8
Our data suggest that MLKL functions downstream of RIP1 and RIP3 and is recruited to the necrosome through its interaction with RIP3 .	
Finally , we found that MLKL is required for the generation of ROS and the late-phase activation of JNK during TNF-induced necrosis .	
However , because these two events are not involved in TNF-induced necrosis in HT-29 cells , the target of MLKL during TNF-induced necrosis remains elusive .	
Taken together , our study suggests that MLKL is a key RIP3 downstream component of TNF-induced necrotic cell death .	
Our results suggest that aberrant expression of TG2 is a master regulator of metabolic reprogramming and facilitates metabolic alterations in epithelial cells even under normoxic conditions .	
A TG2-induced shift in glucose metabolism helps breast cancer cells to survive under stressful conditions and promotes their metastatic competence .	1	3	12
Molecular mechanisms responsible for this shift in glucose metabolism remain elusive .	
The impact of certain genes on colorectal cancer development needs to be further evaluated ; however , these results could serve as a basis for further studies in order to find targets for irinotecan treatment .	
CONCLUSIONS These results demonstrate that the expression of the genes involved in cell proliferation and apoptosis as well as RNA , DNA and protein metabolism were affected by SN-38 .	
A smaller number of genes were up-regulated in the cell lines after treatment and included genes involved in apoptosis , transcription , development and differentiation .	
Experimental suppression of TG2 attenuated HIF-1\u03b1 expression and reversed downstream events in mammary epithelial cells .	
Moreover , downregulation of p65/RelA or HIF-1\u03b1 expression in these cells restored normal glucose uptake , lactate production , mitochondrial respiration and glycolytic protein expression .	31	3
Mechanistically , TG2 regulated metabolic reprogramming by constitutively activating nuclear factor ( NF)-\u03baB , which binds to the hypoxia-inducible factor ( HIF)-1\u03b1 promoter and induces its expression even under normoxic conditions .	
TG2/NF-\u03baB-induced increase in HIF-1\u03b1 expression was associated with increased glucose uptake , increased lactate production and decreased oxygen consumption by mitochondria .	
During the experimental period of 28 days , pro-inflammatory cytokines ( IL-1 , TNF-alpha , and IL-6 ) , Th0 cytokine ( IL-2 ) , Th1 type cytokine ( IL-12 ) , Th2 type cytokines ( IL-4 and IL-5 ) , TGF-beta , and IgE were also elevated .	a	a2
In this study , iron oxide nanoparticles were prepared using inorganic iron chloride ( size : 5.3+/-3.6 nm in phosphate buffered saline , surface charge : 23.14 mV ) , and their inflammatory responses were investigated .	
When mice were treated with iron oxide nanoparticles ( 250 microg/kg , 500 microg/kg , and 1mg/kg ) by a single intratracheal instillation , the level of intracellular reduced glutathione ( GSH ) was decreased in the cells of bronchoalveolar lavage ( BAL ) fluid .	
The results of our study suggest that inflammatory cytokines induce the immunosuppressive function of MSCs which enables prostate cancer cells to escape from immune injury .	a	2	a2	22
The inflammatory cytokine-induced promotive effect of MSCs on RM-1 cells in vivo was inhibited by TGF-β siRNA .	a	a2
We also show that cytotoxics are capable of inducing senescence in tumor tissue in vivo .	42	4
GENERAL SIGNIFICANCE These analytical findings suggest that apigenin may be a good therapeutic agent against HNSCC cells .	
In this study , we investigated the underlying mechanism by which MSCs enable prostate cancer cells to escape from immune surveillance in the inflammatory microenvironment .	
However , due to the immunosuppressive function of MSCs , the application of MSCs in prostate cancer therapy remains limited .	
MSCs are also employed as drug carriers for tumor therapy due to their ability to migrate to tumor tissue .	
Our results suggest that p53 and p21 play a central role in the onset of senescence , whereas p16(INK4a) function may be involved in maintaining senescence .	42	4
The results revealed that IL-1α led to the upregulation of TGF-β in MSCs .	9	92
In addition , we investigated the mechanism through which MSCs promote the ability of RM-1 cells to escape from immune injury .	
Furthermore , when RM-1 prostate cancer cells were co-injected with MSCs pretreated with IL-1α , tumor incidence significantly increased in allogeneic recipients .	
Firstly , we demonstrated that compared with the control groups , MSCs pretreated with IL-1α effectively promoted the growth of the mouse prostate cancer cell line RM-1 invivo .	
CCL2 would be an attractive target for treatment to eliminate cancer cells via amelioration of tumor metastasis and immunosuppression .	2	1	12	22
The IL-2 gene can be a potential effective gene for the treatment of adenoid cystic carcinoma of salivary glands and its lung metastasis .	1	12
The transduction of IL-2 gene can reduce the tumourigenicity of ACC-M cells and induces tumour cell differentiation in mice .	
Under light microscopy , the ACC-M tumours were mainly poorly differentiated with minimal cellular matrix , whereas the AmIL-2 tumours were well differentiated with ample matrix .	
AIM To elucidate the roles of receptor tyrosine kinases RET and VEGFR2 and the RAF/MEK/ERK signaling cascade in cancer treatment with sorafenib .	
RESULTS Median serum angiopoietin-2 levels with lung cancer ( 2730pg/mL ) ranged from 1171 to 6541pg/mL was higher than the median of the control group ( 1795pg/mL ) ranged from 1076 to 2730/mL , p<0.001 .	71	7	711
Median serum survivin levels were also higher in patients with lung cancer ( 53.0pg/mL ) ranged from 39.3 to 96.3pg/mL than the median of the control group ( 48.8pg/mL ) ranged from 38.0 to 74.6pg/mL , but did not reach statistical significance p=0.206 .	
In this study , we used one- and two-dimensional gel electrophoresis , mass spectrometry and immunodetection methods to analyze protein expression in oral squamous cell carcinomas .	
Radiotherapy for head and neck tumors often results in persistent loss of function in salivary glands .	
Patients suffering from impaired salivary function frequently terminate treatment prematurely because of reduced quality of life caused by malnutrition and other debilitating side-effects .	
It has been previously shown in mice expressing a constitutively active form of Akt ( myr-Akt1 ) , or in mice pretreated with IGF1 , apoptosis is suppressed , which correlates with maintained salivary gland function measured by stimulated salivary flow .	
Induction of cell cycle arrest may be important for this protection by allowing cells time for DNA repair .	
We have observed increased accumulation of cells in G2/M at acute time-points after irradiation in parotid glands of mice receiving pretreatment with IGF1 .	9	51	511	5	91
As p21 , a transcriptional target of the p53 family , is necessary for maintaining G2/M arrest , we analyzed the roles of p53 and p63 in modulating IGF1-stimulated p21 expression .	511	5	51
Pretreatment with IGF1 reduces binding of ΔNp63 to the p21 promoter after irradiation , which coincides with increased p53 binding and sustained p21 transcription .	511	5	51
Our data indicate a role for ΔNp63 in modulating p53-dependent gene expression and influencing whether a cell death or cell cycle arrest program is initiated .	511	5	51
In order to identify their molecular targets in such cells , we have analyzed gene expression profile of primary human macrophages treated by the prototypical PAH benzo(a)pyrene ( BaP ) , using pangenomic oligonucleotides microarrays .	
Of the transformants screened , one 5-FOA-resistant transformant , S4-22 , grew poorly on cellulose-containing media and exhibited reduced cellobiose-induced expression of cbhI .	
Southern blot analysis and nucleotide sequencing of the flanking regions of the T-DNA inserted in S4-22 indicated that the T-DNA was inserted within the coding region of a previously unreported Zn(II)(2)Cys(6)-transcription factor , which we designated the cellobiose response regulator ( ClbR ) .	
The cellobiose- and cellulose-responsive induction of the FIII-avicelase ( cbhI ) , FII-carboxymethyl cellulase ( cmc2 ) , and FIa-xylanase ( xynIa ) genes is not regulated by XlnR in Aspergillus aculeatus , which suggests that this fungus possesses an unknown cellulase gene-activating pathway .	
To identify the regulatory factors involved in this pathway , we constructed a random insertional mutagenesis library using Agrobacterium tumefaciens-mediated transformation of A. aculeatus NCP2 , which harbors a transcriptional fusion between the cbhI promoter ( P ( CBHI ) ) and the orotidine 5'-phosphate decarboxylase gene ( pyrG ) .	
These data demonstrate that ClbR participates in both XlnR-dependent and XlnR-independent cellobiose- and cellulose-responsive induction signaling pathways in A. aculeatus .	
Antiestrogens , especially in combination , effectively inhibited tobacco carcinogen-induced murine lung tumorigenesis and may have application for lung cancer prevention .	
The disruption of the clbR gene resulted in a significant reduction in the expression of cbhI and cmc2 in response to cellobiose and cellulose .	
Interestingly , the cellulose-responsive induction of FI-carboxymethyl cellulase ( cmc1 ) and FIb-xylanase ( xynIb ) genes that are under the control of XlnR , was also reduced in the clbR-deficient mutant , but there was no effect on the induction of these genes in response to D-xylose or L-arabinose .	
An important source of estrogen synthesis may be inflammatory cells that infiltrate the lungs in response to carcinogens , beginning early in the carcinogenesis process .	
ERβ expressed by inflammatory and neoplastic epithelial cells in the lung may signal in response to local estrogen production .	
The results indicate that the FhlA protein coded by the fhlA gene might interact with the F(0)F(1)-ATPase .	
This inhibition was the same for fhlA and hyfG fhlA mutants but not hyaB , hybC , hyfG or hyaB hybC mutants .	
Firstly , RT-PCR and Western blot targeting to pol beta were carried out to measure the expression of pol beta mRNA and protein in above three kinds of cells , then MTT test and single cell gel electrophoresis ( comet assay ) were used to compare cell viability and DNA damage/repair of the three kinds of cells when exposed to BaP .	
These results demonstrate that miRNAs ( miR-124 , miR-137 and miR-340 ) impair colorectal cancer growth by counteracting the Warburg effect due to regulating alternative splicing of the PKM gene .	31	3
Wild type cells in the assays supplemented with glucose produced H(2) at fold lower level than cells grown on glucose only .	
Escherichia coli molecular hydrogen ( H(2) ) production was studied during mixed carbon ( glucose and glycerol ) fermentation at pH 6.5 .	
However , in the assays with glycerol , no measurable H(2) production was detected .	
When compared to the wild type , H(2) production in the assays added with glucose was decreased by fold in fhlA , hyfG and double fhlA hyfG mutants and by fold in hyaB , hybC , and double hyaB hybC mutants .	
The possible long-term immunologic effects of TCDD exhibited by the participants of the present study , coupled with the increased incidence of lymphatic tumors in the area of the accident , warrant further investigation .	2	21
Taken together , these results suggest that during mixed carbon fermentation , H(2) could be produced with low efficiency via Hyd-3 and Hyd-4 .	
In the glucose assays , H(2) production in the wild type cells was inhibited fold by 0.3mM N,N'-dicyclohexylcarbodiimide ( DCCD ) , an inhibitor of the F(0)F(1)-ATPase .	
The insignificant decrease of H(2) production in the strains with defects in Hyd-1 and Hyd-2 was probably due to an interaction between the Hyd enzymes and their organization in the bacterial membrane .	
The difference between M(-) and controls did not observe statistically significant ( χ² = 0.009 ; P = 0.92 ) .	
At the time of diagnosis , individual who was carrying the 5A allele was more represented in the M(+) subgroup than in M(-) subgroup ( χ² = 7.49 ; P = 0.006 , OR = 3.86 ; 95% CI , 1.43-10.33 ) .	
The frequency of the 5A allele among affected patients ( 67.91% ) was significantly higher than among the healthy controls ( 49% ; \u03c7(2) = 16.17 , P = 0.00005 ) .	
The 5A homozygote in patients and controls was significantly different .	
RESULTS There was a significant difference in frequency of the MMP-3 genotype between cases and controls ( \u03c7\u0382 = 16.17 ; P = 0.0003 ) .	
The patients group was divided into different subgroups : a subgroup without metastatic activity ( M(-) ) and a subgroup that had developed metastasis ( M(+) ) .	
MATERIALS AND METHODS In this case-control study 120 colorectal cancer patients and 100 controls were genotyped using polymerase chain reaction-restriction fragment length polymorphism ( PCR-RFLP ) on the genomic deoxyribonucleic acid ( DNA ) .	
The aim of this study was to analyze association between MMP3 promoter polymorphisms and colorectal cancer occurrence and progression .	
There are single nucleotide polymorphisms in the promoter regions of several genes with ability to influence cancer susceptibility .	
BACKGROUND Matrix metalloproteinases comprise a family of enzyme degrade components of extra cellular matrix .	
Spatial differences were observed with a higher occurrence of encysted parasites in flounders from the upper Seine estuary , while inflammations predominated in flounders living downstream .	
The prevalence of FNR was also shown to vary according to sampling season , with significantly more occurrences of liver necrosis in the fish collected in summer than in spring .	
Tumors were only observed in females of more than two winters .	
Inflammation occurrence increased according to age , contrary to parasitic infestations and FCA which were more prevalent in young fish , notably those of <1 year old ( group 0 ) .	a	a2
Parasitic and infectious lesions and FNR were equally distributed in males and females .	
Females exhibited a higher prevalence of tumors ( 3.0 % ) and FCA ( 6.5 % ) than males ( 0 and 2.6 % , respectively ) .	
Four hundred and seventy-eight fish of both sexes and of different size ranges were sampled in the three studied areas , 338 of which in the Seine estuary .	
An epidemiological survey was conducted in the Seine estuary and in two smaller and relatively preserved estuaries on the French Atlantic coast in order to estimate the occurrence of liver lesions in European flounder , Platichthys flesus , and also to seek putative risk factors for the recorded pathologies .	
Five categories of hepatic lesions were recorded with the following prevalence for the Seine estuary : 36.7 % inflammations , 8 % parasites ( mainly encysted nematodes ) , 6.5 % foci of cellular alteration ( FCA ) , 5.3 % foci of necrosis or regeneration ( FNR ) , and 1.5 % tumors .	
All fish were examined for histopathological liver lesions , while DNA adducts and otoliths were analyzed on a subsample .	
The eight adducts that would result from cis- and trans-opening at C-1 of four optically active isomers of B[c]Ph DEs by the N(2)-amino group of dGuo were incorporated into 5'-TTCGAATCCTTCCCCC ( context III ) and 5'-GGGGTTCCCGAGCGGC ( context IV ) at the underlined site .	
Although there have been numerous studies of site-specific mutagenesis by dGuo adducts of benzo[a]pyrene diol epoxides ( B[a]P DEs ) , the present study represents the first example of site-specific mutagenesis by dGuo adducts of the highly carcinogenic benzo[c]phenanthrene 3,4-diol 1,2-epoxides ( B[c]Ph DEs ) .	61	63	611	6
Upon replication of the lesions in each of the two sequence contexts , mutational analysis of the progeny was performed by differential hybridization .	
These modified oligonucleotides along with unmodified controls were ligated into single-stranded M13mp7L2 , which were then used to transfect SOS-induced Escherichia coli .	
For all but this last adduct , the mutation frequency for a given B[c]Ph DE adduct was less than for its B[a]P analogue with the same stereochemistry in the same sequence .	61	63	611	6
For the 16 adducts , the mutation frequencies varied over 2 orders of magnitude with a reasonably even distribution ( 0.4-1% for three adducts , 1-2% for six adducts , 3-7.4% for five adducts , and one adduct each at 11 and 39% ) .	61	63	611	6
A possible structural basis for this difference is proposed .	
For the vectors containing adducts with S configuration at the site of attachment of the hydrocarbon to the dGuo base , the main base substitution was G --> T followed by G --> A. In contrast , for the vectors containing adducts with R configuration , the main base substitution was G --> A. The most notable observation in the present study is the low frequency of mutations induced by the B[c]Ph DE-dGuo adducts relative to their B[a]P counterparts .	61	63	611	6
Characteristic morphological changes associated with apoptosis such as shrinkage , rounding , and floating as well as chromatin condensation were confirmed ; terminal deoxynucleotidyl transferase-mediated deoxyuridine triphosphate nick-end labeling ( TUNEL ) staining was positive as determined by fluorescence microscopy analyses .	8	81
LEP directly killed the HepG2 cells efficaciously , but had only minor effects on normal rat hepatocytes and normal mouse dermal cells under the same conditions .	
In conclusion , LEP can directly induce apoptosis of HepG2 cells , and thus may have potential chemotherapeutic applications for the treatment of HCC .	8	81
The caspase-3 and -8 death receptor pathway was found largely responsible for the apoptotic death of HepG2 cells treated with LEP .	8	81
We previously demonstrated that it has immunomodulatory effects .	
Lentinula edodes mycelia ( L.E.M. ) is a dried powder extracted from shiitake mushrooms ( Lentinula edodes ) .	
( L.E.M. ethanol precipitate ; LEP ) on HepG2 human hepatocellular carcinoma ( HCC ) cells were investigated .	
In this paper , the direct cytotoxic effects of the polysaccharide-rich fraction of L.E.M .	
DNA mismatch repair ( MMR ) of simple base mismatches and small insertion-deletion loops in eukaryotes is initiated by the binding of the MutS homolog 2 ( MSH2)-MSH6 heterodimer to mismatched DNA .	
The Ras oncogene is frequently activated or mutated in human cancers , but Ras activation is insufficient to transform primary cells .	
Senescence is a cellular response preventing tumorigenesis .	
We show that JMJD2A functions as a negative regulator of Ras-induced senescence and collaborates with oncogenic Ras to promote cellular transformation by negatively regulating the p53 pathway .	42	4
Ina search for cooperating oncogenes , we identify the lysine demethylase JMJD2A/KDM4A .	
The expression of JMJD2A inhibits Ras-mediated CHD5 induction leading to a reduced activity of the p53 pathway .	
We find CHD5 , a known tumor suppressor regulating p53 activity , as a target of JMJD2A .	
Depletion of JMJD2A in the human lung cancer cell line A549 bearing an activated K-Ras allele triggers senescence .	42	4
In addition , we show that JMJD2A is overexpressed inmouse and human lung cancers .	
We propose that JMJD2A is an oncogene that represents a target for Ras-expressing tumors .	
Therefore , although it is a proliferation cytokine , it cannot be used as marker of disease activity .	
MnSOD protein carrying a K89A mutation had significantly lower activity compared with wild-type MnSOD .	63	6
Mass spectrometry results showed a complex pattern of MnSOD-methylation at both lysine ( 68 , 89 , 122 , and 202 ) and arginine ( 197 and 216 ) residues .	
Methylation-dependent changes in the MnSOD conformation and subsequent changes in the electrostatic potential around the active site during quiescence versus proliferation could increase the accessibility of superoxide , a negatively charged substrate .	
Computational-based simulations indicate that lysine and arginine methylation of MnSOD during quiescence would allow greater accessibility to the enzyme active site as well as increase the positive electrostatic potential around and within the active site .	
This study investigates the hypothesis that manganese superoxide dismutase ( MnSOD ) regulates cellular redox flux and glucose consumption during the cell cycle .	
Proliferating cells consume more glucose to cope with the bioenergetics and biosynthetic demands of rapidly dividing cells as well as to counter a shift in cellular redox environment .	
Gene arrays showed dramatic down-regulation of proinflammatory cytokine and chemokine pathways , prostaglandin metabolism , and the transcription factors STAT3 ( signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 ) and nuclear transcription factor κB .	a	a2
Weight loss reduced expression of FOS and JUN genes and down-regulated oxidative stress pathways and the transcription factors ATF ( activating transcription factor ) and CREB ( cyclic AMP response element-binding ) .	a21	a2	a
After weight loss , rectosigmoid biopsies showed a 25-57% reduction in TNF-α , IL-1β , IL-8 , and monocyte chemotactic protein 1 concentrations ( P < 0.05 ) .	
T cell and macrophage counts decreased by 28% and 42% , respectively ( P < 0.05 ) .	
RESULTS Subjects lost a mean ( ±SD ) of 10.1 ± 1% of their initial weight .	
Weight loss significantly reduced fasting blood glucose , total cholesterol , triglycerides , LDL , tumor necrosis factor-α ( TNF-α ) , and interleukin ( IL)-8 concentrations ( P < 0.05 ) .	
OBJECTIVE We conducted this proof-of-principle study to seek evidence of obesity-associated colorectal inflammation and to evaluate effects of diet-induced weight loss .	
DESIGN We measured inflammatory cytokines , gene arrays , and macrophage infiltration in rectosigmoid mucosal biopsies of 10 obese premenopausal women [ mean ± SD body mass index ( in kg/m(2) ) : 35 ± 3.5 ] before and after weight loss induced by a very-low-calorie diet .	
BACKGROUND Epidemiologic data have shown that obesity independently increases colorectal cancer ( CRC ) risk , but the mechanisms are poorly understood .	
Obesity is an inflammatory state , and chronic colonic inflammation induces CRC .	
Their immunogenicity and therapeutic efficacy has been difficult to properly evaluate in that setting characterized by multiple highly suppressive effects of the tumor and the standard therapy on the patient's immune system .	
In eukaryotic cells , multiple DNA repair mechanisms respond to a wide variety of DNA lesions .	
Our study shows that vaccines based on human TAAs are immunogenic and safe and capable of eliciting long-term memory that is important for cancer prevention .	2	21
We investigated the effects of combining shRNA targeting PKM2 and docetaxel on human A549 lung carcinoma cells both in vivo and in vitro .	
We also show that in the premalignant setting , immunosuppressive environment ( e.g. , high levels of MDSC ) might already exist in some individuals , suggesting an even earlier premalignant stage or preselection of nonimmunosuppressed patients for prophylactic vaccination .	2	22
We also found that IL-6 upregulated the expression of arginase-1 and arginase activity of DC in vitro .	
We demonstrated that administration of Ab against IL-6R ( anti-IL-6R mAb ) greatly enhanced T cell responses and inhibited the growth of tumor in vivo .	
In this study , we initially found that IL-6 , one of the cachectic factors , suppressed CD4(+) T cell-mediated immunity through downregulation of MHC class II by enhanced arginase activity of dendritic cells ( DC ) in tumor-bearing mice .	2	21
Evaluation of immune dysfunction during the tumor-bearing state is a critical issue in combating cancer .	
Finally , we demonstrated that the administration of N(ω)-hydroxy-L-arginine at the peritumor site significantly enhanced CD4(+) T cell responses and inhibited tumor growth .	
Lack of response in 22 of 39 individuals was correlated with high levels of circulating myeloid-derived suppressor cells ( MDSC ) prevaccination .	
However , the administration of anti-IL-6R mAb into tumor-bearing mice inhibited both the downmodulation of MHC class II and the upregulation of arginase-1 mRNA levels in DC .	
Tumor-infiltrating CD11c(+) DC exhibited upregulated mRNA expression of arginase-1 but reduced expression of MHC class II in parallel with the increase in serum IL-6 levels at the late stage in tumor-bearing hosts .	
Blockade of the IL-6-arginase cascade is a promising tool to overcome the dysfunction of antitumor immunity in tumor-bearing hosts .	2	21
Vaccine-elicited MUC1-specific immune response and immune memory were not associated with significant toxicity .	2	21
R2HBJJ , as a novel mAChRs antagonist , can block the local cholinergic loop by antagonizing predominantly M3 receptors and inhibit NSCLC cell growth , which suggest that M3 receptor antagonist might be a potential chemotherapeutic regimen for NSCLC .	
Recent research has shown that PKM2 can be used as a tumor marker for diagnosis and , in particular , as a potential target for cancer therapy .	
These antibody-based methods provide useful tools for the studies of Acr-dG as a cancer biomarker and of the molecular mechanisms by which cells respond to Acr-dG as a ubiquitous DNA lesion .	61	6
Genetic and molecular analyses revealed high telomerase activity but not estrogen receptor alpha expression .	9	93
Cultured EJ cells produced tissue polypeptide antigen ( IPA ) .	
Pretreatment with PTH before injecting myeloma cells increased bone mineral density of the implanted bone and delayed tumor progression .	
Human global gene expression profiling of myelomatous bones from SCID-hu mice treated with PTH or saline revealed activation of multiple distinct pathways involved in bone formation and coupling ; involvement of Wnt signaling was prominent .	
BACKGROUND Induction of osteolytic bone lesions in multiple myeloma is caused by an uncoupling of osteoclastic bone resorption and osteoblastic bone formation .	
Current management of myeloma bone disease is limited to the use of antiresorptive agents such as bisphosphonates .	
Subcutaneous transplantation of the EJ cells into nude mice formed solid tumors that were histologically diagnosed as adenocarcinoma , whereas no metastasis was observed .	1	12
Importantly , silencing ERGIC3 reversed the cellular responses mediated by miR-490-3p overexpression .	
In conclusion , our study indicated for the first time that miR-490-3p functioned like an oncogenic miRNA in HCC cells and that the inhibition of miR-490-3p might provide an potential treatment approach for HCC patients .	
This study provides new insight into pathogenic mechanisms in aggressive human PHEOs/PGLs , which may lead to identifying new diagnostic and prognostic markers in the near future .	
For the first time , we show that despite dysfunction in complex II and evidence for a glycolytic phenotype , the Warburg effect does not seem to fully apply to SDHB-PHEOs/PGLs with respect to decreased OXPHOS .	31	3
Monolayer-cultured cells were polygonal in shape showing a tendency to pile up without contact inhibition .	5	52
HCT-1116 and DLD-1 cells showed no significant EGF-dependent cell proliferation ; HT-29 and HCT-8 exhibited an EGF-dependent proliferation , with HCT-8 cells to be the most responsive with significant EGFR phosphorylation upon treatment with EGF .	9	92
Tumor growth was assessed by comparing volume before and after treatment .	
After 1 month , laparotomy was repeated to measure tumor size , and mice were randomized to receive reformulated rodent chow containing either 12.5 mg/kg/day of rofecoxib or no drug for 21 days .	
CONCLUSIONS These studies point to a positive interaction between aspirin and pravastatin with regard to endothelial biology .	
Anti-oxidant and subsequent anti-inflammatory effect may be one of the potential underling mechanisms .	a21	a2	a
A human pancreatic adenocarcinoma cell line , Mia PaCa-2 , was incubated for 18 hours with 5 micromol/L of rofecoxib ( Vioxx ) , a selective COX-2 inhibitor .	
Recent studies indicate that cyclooxygenase-2 ( COX-2 ) is overexpressed in pancreatic adenocarcinoma and may play a critical role in this rapidly progressing form of cancer .	
In a separate experiment , athymic mice were orthotopically injected with 7.5 x 10(5) Mia PaCa-2 cells through a minilaparotomy .	
Total RNA was isolated and gene expression analyzed by DNA microarray chips .	
METHODS Human coronary artery endothelial cells were cultured and treated with oxidized-low density lipoprotein ( ox-LDL , 60 microg/ml for 24 hours ) alone , or pre-treated with aspirin ( 1 , 2 or 5 mmol/L ) , pravastatin ( 1 , 5 or 10 micromol/L ) or their combination ( 1 mmol/L aspirin and 5 micromol/L pravastatin ) , followed by ox-LDL treatment .	
After respective treatment , superoxide anion production , p38 mitogen activated protein kinase and transcription factor NF-kappaB activation , protein expression of lectin-like ox-LDL receptor-1 ( LOX-1 ) and adhesion molecules , and monocyte adhesion were measured .	
BACKGROUND Oxidative stress and inflammation are important steps in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis .	
We postulated that therapeutic concentrations of aspirin and pravastatin , especially in combination , may suppress oxidative stress and inflammation in endothelial cells , and this concept was examined in human coronary artery endothelial cells ( HCAECs ) .	
As a consequence , monocyte adhesion to endothelial cells was markedly attenuated by the combination of the two agents .	
Well-known anti-oxidants alpha-tocopherol and gamma-tocopherol had similar inhibitory effects on ox-LDL-mediated oxidative stress and LOX-1 expression as well as monocyte adhesion as did the combination of aspirin and pravastatin .	
RESULTS Ox-LDL treatment greatly elicited its receptor LOX-1 expression , superoxide anion production and inflammatory response , which were minimally affected by low concentration of aspirin ( 1 mmol/L ) or pravastatin ( 5 micromol/L ) , but were markedly decreased by their combination .	a	a2
Activation of p38 mitogen activated protein kinase and NF-kappaB , the expression of intercellular adhesion molecule-1 and monocyte chemotactic protein-1 , which were only mildly affected by aspirin or pravastatin alone , were significantly attenuated by their combination .	
Cell metabolism may be central to this cell death pathway , as we have shown that growth factor deprivation leads to decreased glycolysis that promotes apoptosis via p53 activation and induction of the proapoptotic protein Puma .	
Here , we extend these findings to show that elevated glucose metabolism , characteristic of cancer cells , can suppress protein kinase Cδ ( PKCδ)-dependent p53 activation to maintain cell survival after growth factor withdrawal .	9	31	92	3
Unlike the growth factor dependence of normal cells , cancer cells can maintain growth factor-independent glycolysis and survival through expression of oncogenic kinases , such as BCR-Abl .	
Although targeted kinase inhibition can promote cancer cell death , therapeutic resistance develops frequently , and further mechanistic understanding is needed .	
Consistent with oncogenic kinases acting to replace growth factors , treatment of BCR-Abl-expressing cells with the kinase inhibitor imatinib led to reduced metabolism and p53- and Puma-dependent cell death .	9	92
Accordingly , maintenance of glucose uptake inhibited p53 activation and promoted imatinib resistance .	
In contrast , DNA damage-induced p53 activation was PKCδ independent and was not metabolically sensitive .	61	6
Both stresses required p53 Ser(18) phosphorylation for maximal activity but led to unique patterns of p53 target gene expression , showing distinct activation and response pathways for p53 that were differentially regulated by metabolism .	
Furthermore , inhibition of glycolysis enhanced imatinib sensitivity in BCR-Abl-expressing cells with wild-type p53 but had little effect on p53-null cells .	31	3
These data show that distinct pathways regulate p53 after DNA damage and metabolic stress and that inhibiting glucose metabolism may enhance the efficacy of and overcome resistance to targeted molecular cancer therapies .	61	31	3	6
In the present study , we evaluated the effects of pmAb on the EGF-mediated cellular responses in a panel of colon cancer cells ( HCT-8 , HT-29 , DLD-1 and HCT-116 ) .	
Daily intraperitoneal injection of WZB117 at 10 mg/kg resulted in a more than 70% reduction in the size of human lung cancer of A549 cell origin .	
Mechanism studies showed that WZB117 inhibited glucose transport in human red blood cells ( RBC ) , which express Glut1 as their sole glucose transporter .	
Cancer cell treatment with WZB117 led to decreases in levels of Glut1 protein , intracellular ATP , and glycolytic enzymes .	31	3
All these changes were followed by increase in ATP-sensing enzyme AMP-activated protein kinase ( AMPK ) and declines in cyclin E2 as well as phosphorylated retinoblastoma , resulting in cell-cycle arrest , senescence , and necrosis .	42	9	4	8	91	83
The functional and therapeutic importance of the Warburg effect is increasingly recognized , and glycolysis has become a target of anticancer strategies .	
We recently reported the identification of a group of novel small compounds that inhibit basal glucose transport and reduce cancer cell growth by a glucose deprivation-like mechanism .	
We hypothesized that the compounds target Glut1 and are efficacious in vivo as anticancer agents .	
Here , we report that a novel representative compound WZB117 not only inhibited cell growth in cancer cell lines but also inhibited cancer growth in a nude mouse model .	
Addition of extracellular ATP rescued compound-treated cancer cells , suggesting that the reduction of intracellular ATP plays an important role in the anticancer mechanism of the molecule .	
Senescence induction and the essential role of ATP were reported for the first time in Glut1 inhibitor-treated cancer cells .	
Thus , rBPTI may have potential application for prevention of liver injury induced by metabolism of drugs and toxic substances .	
CONCLUSIONS These results indicated that rBPTI exerted a protective effect on CCl(4)-induced liver injury in mice .	
ELISA and real-time PCR were used to evaluate the transforming growth factor ( TGF)-β production due to IL-23 stimulation .	
All of the TNM stage IV patients were positive for IL-23R .	
Clones of mortal chicken fibroblasts and erythroblasts transformed by temperature-sensitive v-src and v-erb B oncoproteins have been developed into immortal cell lines that retain the conditional transformed phenotype .	
The expressions of two tumor suppressor genes , the retinoblastoma ( Rb ) gene and the p53 gene , were investigated during senescence , crisis , and cell line establishment .	
In temperature-sensitive ( ts)-v-erb B erythroblasts and ts-v-src fibroblasts ( as well as in v-myc macrophages ) , loss of p53 mRNA or expression of a mutated p53 gene invariably occurred in the early phase of immortalization .	6	63	4	41
In contrast , expression of the Rb gene was unchanged at all stages of immortalization .	4	41
Inactivation of the original temperature-sensitive oncogene led to loss of the transformed phenotype in fibroblasts and to differentiation in erythroblasts , even in lines that were immortal and lacked p53 .	
The results demonstrate that the process of immortalization is distinct from cell transformation , probably requiring different mutational events .	6	63	4	41
Cell proliferation and invasion assays under IL-23 stimulation were performed using cultured cells derived from colorectal cancer .	
However , neither the differences in the IL-23R expression among the patients nor the concrete functions of IL-23 in colorectal carcinoma cells have been revealed .	
The aim of the present study was to examine the characteristics of IL-23R expression in colorectal carcinoma and the direct effects of IL-23 on colorectal cancer cells .	
Interleukin-23 ( IL-23 ) plays an essential role in the mucosal immune system .	
Rather , IDO induction could be elicited by environmental signals and tumor promoters as an integral component of the inflammatory tissue microenvironment even in the absence of cancer .	a	a2
Here , we report that IDO loss did not exacerbate classical inflammatory responses .	
Recently , we showed that IDO is essential for tumor outgrowth in the classical two-stage model of inflammatory skin carcinogenesis .	
It has been suggested that IL-23 is able to induce carcinogenesis as well as inflammation and a recent study revealed that IL-23R is expressed in colorectal carcinoma cells .	
More generally , they promote the concept that mediators of immune escape and cancer-associated inflammation may be genetically synonymous .	a1	a
Taken together , our results identify IDO as an integral component of ' cancer-associated ' inflammation that tilts the immune system toward tumor support .	a	a2
In the context of inflammatory carcinogenesis where IDO was critical to tumor development , the most important source of IDO was radiation-resistant non-hematopoietic cells , consistent with evidence that loss of the IDO regulatory tumor suppressor gene Bin1 in transformed skin cells facilitates IDO-mediated immune escape by a cell autonomous mechanism .	a1	a
IDO loss had limited impact on tumor outgrowth in carcinogenesis models that lacked an explicit inflammatory tumor promoter .	a	a2
High cytoplasmic ERβ expression was identified as an independent negative prognostic predictor of overall survival ( OS ; HR = 1.67 ) , and low total PR was identified as an independent negative predictor of time to progression ( TTP ; HR = 1.59 ) .	9	93
RESULTS Tumors expressed higher levels of ERβ compared to matched normal lung , whereas the reverse was true of PR .	9	93
EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN Primary lung tumors and normal lung tissue were analyzed for expression and localization of estrogen receptor α and β-1 ( ERα and ERβ ) , aromatase , progesterone receptor ( PR ) , and epidermal growth factor receptor ( EGFR ) .	
PURPOSE Steroid hormones and growth factors affect lung cancer , and it is possible they act in concert to influence patient outcome .	
Contribution of these markers to survival showed no significant sex differences in a multivariable model .	9	93
Patients with low cytoplasmic ERβ , low aromatase , low EGFR , and high total PR had shorter OS than patients with the opposite pattern ( HR = 6.60 ) .	9	93
Further effects on OS were observed when EGFR expression was included ( HR = 5.32 ) .	9	93
After adjusting for stage , age , sex , and smoking , combined high cytoplasmic ERβ and low total PR showed enhanced effects on OS ( HR = 2.64 ) and on TTP ( HR = 6.02 ) .	
Panitumumab ( pmAb ) is a fully human IgG2 anti-EGFR antibody that blocks the EGFR actions .	
The epidermal growth factor receptor ( EGFR ) is a member of the HER family receptors and its activation induced by its natural ligand EGF results in colon cancer growth and progression .	
CONCLUSIONS Hormonal and EGFR pathways together may contribute to lung cancer prognosis .	9	93
ERα was elevated in tumors but was not predictive of survival , and appears to represent a variant ERα protein that is only recognized by a C-terminal antibody .	9	93
In that respect , pmAb impedes the signaling cascade mediated by EGFR intracellular phosphorylation and activity of focal adhesion kinase ( FAK ) as well as the EGF-induced invasive and migratory potential of colon cancer cells .	11	1	9	93	92
The effects of pmAb were then evaluated in the most EGF-responsive cells , HCT-8 .	
The obtained data demonstrated that pmAb is a specific blocker of EGF-mediated EGFR activation , resulting in a significant inhibition of colon cancer cell proliferation in early stages of growth , migration and invasiveness as well as of matrix effector implicated in cancer progression .	11	93	1	9
At the level of matrix effectors implicated in colon cancer progression we report that pmAb is a potent inhibitor of constitute and EGF-mediated gene expression of certain matrix effectors , such as membrane-type 1 metalloproteinase ( MT1-MMP ) , extracellular metalloproteinases inducer ( EMMPRIN ) , urokinase plasminogen activator ( uPA ) and syndecan-4 .	
The bioavailability and the biotransformation of PAHs were assessed by the measurement of biliary metabolites using a sensitive UPLC MS/MS method .	
The 7-ethoxyresorufine-O-deethylase was also measured in liver subcellular fractions as a biomarker of phase I biotransformation activities .	
The immortalization capability was assayed based on population doublings , number of passages , surpassing mortality stages 1 and 2 , human telomerase reverse transcriptase ( hTERT ) expression , and the ability to overcome G(1) arrest via p53 degradation .	
Transformation and migration efficiency were analyzed using a combination of functional cell-based assays .	
We observed that either AAE6 or prototype E6 proteins alone were sufficient to immortalize PHFKs , although AAE6 was more potent in doing so .	4	41
The AAE6 variant protein alone pushed PHFKs through transformation and significantly increased their migration ability over that of the E6 prototype .	
We examined how well the human papillomavirus ( HPV ) E6 oncogene can function in the absence of the E7 oncogene during the carcinogenic process in human keratinocytes using a common HPV variant strongly associated with cervical cancer : the Asian-American E6 variant ( AAE6 ) .	
This E6 variant is 20 times more frequently detected in cervical cancer than the prototype European E6 variant , as evidenced by independent epidemiological data .	
Using cell culture and cell-based functional assays , we assessed how this variant can perform crucial carcinogenesis steps compared to the prototype E6 variant .	
The ability to immortalize and transform primary human foreskin keratinocytes ( PHFKs ) to acquire resilient phenotypes and the ability to promote cell migration were evaluated .	
Our findings are in line with epidemiological data that the AA variant of HPV16 confers an increased risk over the European prototype for cervical cancer , as evidenced by a superior immortalization , transformation , and metastatic potential .	1	12	4	41
PAHs are thus often detected at trace levels in animal tissues .	
For biomonitoring purposes , this findings have two main consequences , ( i ) the determination of the PAH tissue concentration is not suitable for the evaluation of individual exposure to PAHs ( ii ) it can explain sometimes the lack of correlations obtained with relevant markers of toxicity such as genotoxicity biomarkers .	
Adducts were detected in maternal , placental and offspring lymphoid tissues at day 19 of gestation , at birth and 1-wk after birth .	61	611	6
To investigate possible causes of the observed T cell reduction , we analyzed the thymocytes and splenocytes from progeny and maternal tissues for the presence of B[a]P-DNA adducts .	
We have demonstrated a significant reduction in thymocytes ( CD4+ CD8+ , CD4+ CD8+ Vbeta8+ , CD4+ CD8+ Vgamma2+ ) from newborn and splenocytes ( CD4+ CD8+ ) from 1-week-old mouse progeny exposed to B[a]P in utero .	2	21
Tumor incidences in these progeny are 8 to 10-fold higher than in controls .	
Mouse offspring exposed during midpregnancy to the PAH , benzo[a]pyrene ( B[a]P ) , show significant deficiencies in their immune functions , observed in late gestation which persist for at least 18 months .	2	21
Major carcinogenic components of cigarette smoke and other combustion by-products in the environment include polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons ( PAH ) .	
In addition to environmental pollutants , maternal smoking during pregnancy may be a contributing factor .	
Environmental carcinogen exposure may play an important role in the incidence of cancer in children .	
The effects of DNA lesions on progeny T cells may include interference with normal T-cell development .	
The presence of B[a]P-DNA adducts in immature T cells may , in part , explain the previously observed T cell immunosuppression and tumor susceptibility in mice exposed to B[a]P in utero .	22	611	61	2	6
Synergistic effects in the growth inhibition were also observed when yuanhualine was combined with gemcitabine , gefitinib or erlotinib in A549 cells .	
Previous studies have demonstrated that mesenchymal stromal cells ( MSCs ) enhance cell survival through upregulation and secretion of stanniocalcin-1 ( STC1 ) .	
METHODS AND RESULTS Primary VSMCs were stimulated with serum in the absence or presence of apoE3. apoE3 upregulated expression of the cdk inhibitor , p27(kip1) , in primary VSMCs , and this effect required Cox2 and activation of PGI(2)-IP signaling .	511	5	51
The radioresistant phenotype in SV40 T transfected cells was not related to the enhanced level of genetic instability seen in pre-crisis and newly immortalized cells , nor to the process of immortalization itself .	4	41
Moreover , the expression of ephrin-B1 in tumor cells disrupted CIL and promoted invasion .	11	1
Therefore , effective strategy is strongly required for the management of lung cancer .	
RESULTS : SPPM60 inhibited the proliferation of HepG2 cells and the inhibition rate was elevated with increase of SPPM60 concentration .	
The cycles of HepG2 cells were measured by flow cytometry when 200μg/ml concentration of SPPM60 was adopted , the expression of the genes related to cell cycle was detected by real-time PCR .	
METHODS : The proliferation rate of HepG2 cells was evaluated by methyl thiazolyl tetrazolium ( MTT ) colorimetric assay .	
AIM : To explore the inhibitory effect of sulfated polysaccharide from Masson pine ( Pinus massoniana ) pollen ( SPPM60 ) on G(2)/M phase of human liver cancer HepG2 cells and its mechanism .	
CONCLUSION : SPPM60 causes arrest of HepG2 cells at G(2)/M phase , and the mechanism is related to the down-regulation of CDK1 and CyclinB and up-regulation of p53 and p21 expression .	9	51	91	5	511
The results of real-time PCR showed that SPPM60 could down-regulate the mRNA levels of CDK1 and CyclinB ( P<0.01 ) , and up-regulate the expression of p53 and p21 ( P<0.05 ) .	
After treatment with 200μg/ml of SPPM60 , the percentage of S phase cells was decreased , but that of G(2)/M phase was significantly increased ( 72h vs control : 32.96�0.33% vs 18.59�0.04% , 3.44�0.05% vs 18.30�0.08% , P<0.01 ) .	91	9
Clones expressing SV40 T-antigen alone or in combination with ras protein p21 were significantly radioresistant as compared with their parent cells or clones transfected with the neo gene only .	
This radioresistant phenotype persisted in post-crisis , immortalized cell lines .	4	41
Flow cytometric analysis revealed that the daphnane diterpenoids induced cell-cycle arrest in the G0/G1 as well as G2/M phase in A549 cells .	
Three normal human diploid cell strains were transfected with an activated Ha-ras oncogene ( EJ ras ) or SV40 T-antigen .	
Four variants were identified which were present in genomic DNA but not in mRNA .	
Multiple clones were examined for morphological alterations , growth requirements , ability to grow under anchorage independent conditions , immortality and tumorigenicity in nude mice .	
Nine tumours had intronic variants , including substitution of invariant residues at splice sites , deletion of nucleotides spanning the exon-intron junction , an intronic variant of unknown function and the polymorphism c.463+43A>G .	63	6
This novel in vivo evidence reveals distinct dynamics of MDC1 and 53BP1 at different types of nuclear structures , and shows that MDC1 directly recruits and retains a subset of 53BP1 for DNA repair .	
The sequential order of transfection with SV40 T-antigen and ras influenced radio-sensitivity but not the induction of morphological changes .	
More specifically , the dynamics of 53BP1 is dependent on a minimal foci-targeting region ( 1231-1709 ) , and differentially regulated by its N-terminus ( 1-1231 ) and C-terminal tBRCT domain ( 1709-1972 ) .	
Furthermore , MDC1 knockdown , or disruption of 53BP1-MDC1 interaction , reduced the number of 53BP1 molecules at foci by but only modestly affected 53BP1 retention .	
The majority of MDC1 ( is extremely mobile and under continuous exchange , with only a small fraction ( remaining immobile at foci irrespective of IR treatment .	
By contrast , 53BP1 has a smaller mobile fraction ( and a larger immobile fraction ( at nuclear bodies , and becomes more dynamic ( increase in mobile pool ) upon IR-induced DNA damage .	
MDC1 ( NFBD1 ) and 53BP1 are critical mediators of the mammalian DNA damage response ( DDR ) at nuclear foci .	
These data suggest that expression of the SV40 T-antigen but not activated Ha-ras plays an important role in the radiosensitivity of human diploid cells .	
Three of these , all encoding apparent missense changes to the primary amino acid sequence , were located close to the ends of exons , reduced the strength of the splice site and function as null rather than missense variants .	63	6
Cells transfected with EJ ras alone showed no morphological alterations nor significant changes in radiosensitivity .	
The effects on VHL expression are unknown but increased understanding may be relevant clinically , either in terms of prognosis or in therapy selection .	
Cell clones expressing ras and/or SV40 T-antigen showed a reduced requirement for serum supplements , an increase in aneuploidy and chromosomal aberrations , and enhanced growth in soft agar as an early cellular response to SV40 T-antigen expression .	6
Genetic and epigenetic changes in the von Hippel-Lindau ( VHL ) tumour suppressor gene are common in sporadic conventional ( clear cell ) renal cell carcinoma ( ccRCC ) .	
After MMS treatment , yen1Delta mus81Delta double mutants arrest with a G2 DNA content and unsegregated chromosomes .	
Based on the predicted change to the primary amino acid sequence , 24 of the mutations were missense , 11 resulted in frameshifts with premature truncation , 9 resulted in immediate truncation at the site of the mutation and 2 were frameshifts which extended the reading frame beyond the normal stop codon .	63	6
Because PcG-associated aberrant DNA methylation is a hallmark of several human malignancies , our methylation data suggest that epigenetic reprogramming of pluripotency genes may initiate cell immortalization .	4	41
Also , hepatoma cells use PDGFRalpha/PIK3CA signaling as an escape mechanism following beta-catenin suppression , and their sequential suppression profoundly impedes tumor proliferation .	
CONCLUSION Loss of beta-catenin impairs the liver's ability to counteract DEN-induced oxidative stress and enhances tumorigenesis through PDGFRalpha/PIK3CA/Akt signaling .	a21	a2	a
Blockade of PDGFRalpha or oxidative stress dramatically affects beta-catenin-deficient tumorigenesis .	a21	a2	a
Silencing or Med19 in BCa cells induced altered expressions of BMPs .	
CONCLUSIONS/SIGNIFICANCE These studies suggest that induction of transient G(2)/M cell cycle arrest by Roscovitine allows for suppression of apoptosis , thus preserving normal salivary function following targeted head and neck irradiation .	91	81	9	8
This could have an important clinical impact by preventing the negative side effects of radiation therapy in surrounding normal tissues .	
They showed strong reactivity and specificity toward Acr-dG , weaker reactivity toward crotonaldehyde- and trans-4-hydroxy-2-nonenal-derived 1,N(2)-propanodeoxyguanosines , and weak or no reactivity toward 1,N(6)-ethenodeoxyadenosine and 8-oxo-deoxyguanosine .	61	611	6
Invasiveness was studied with Transwell assay .	
Methylglyoxal also increased spontaneous Ca(2+) release and induced Ca(2+) waves in healthy myocytes .	
The prototype RCS methylglyoxal increased and then decreased the RyR2 open probability .	
Using these antibodies , we developed assays to detect Acr-dG in vivo : first , a simple and quick FACS-based assay for detecting these adducts directly in cells ; second , a highly sensitive direct ELISA assay for measuring Acr-dG in cells and tissues using only 1 \u03bcg of DNA without DNA digestion and sample enrichment ; and third , a competitive ELISA for better quantitative measurement of Acr-dG levels in DNA samples .	
Total RyR2 protein levels remained unchanged , but the ability to bind the Ca(2+)-dependent ligand [ (3)H]ryanodine was significantly reduced .	
After 8 weeks of diabetes , spontaneous Ca(2+) release in ventricular myocytes increased Evoked Ca(2+) release from the SR was nonuniform ( dyssynchronous ) .	
Mutation of residues to delineate the physiochemical impact of carbonylation yielded channels with enhanced or reduced cytoplasmic Ca(2+) responsiveness .	
Western blotting and mass spectrometry revealed RCS adducts on select basic residues .	
Studies attribute these defects in part to alterations in the function of cardiac type 2 ryanodine receptors ( RyR2s ) , the principal Ca(2+)-release channels on the internal sarcoplasmic reticulum ( SR ) .	
Heart failure and arrhythmias occur at 3 to 5 times higher rates among individuals with diabetes mellitus , compared with age-matched , healthy individuals .	
A rat model of type 1 diabetes , in combination with echocardiography , in vivo and ex vivo hemodynamic studies , confocal microscopy , Western blotting , mass spectrometry , site-directed mutagenesis , and [ (3)H]ryanodine binding , lipid bilayer , and transfection assays , was used to determine whether post-translational modification by reactive carbonyl species ( RCS ) represented a contributing cause .	
To date , mechanisms underlying RyR2 dysregulation in diabetes remain poorly defined .	
Cetrorelix , at concentrations between 10(-9) and 10(-5) M , exerted a dose-dependent antiproliferative action on HTOA cells , as measured by 5-bromo-2'-deoxyuridine incorporation into DNA .	
Flow cytometric analysis indicated that Cetrorelix , at 10(-5) M , arrested cell cycle in HTOA cells , at G1 phase , after 24 h of treatment .	91	9
We investigated the direct effects of LH-releasing hormone ( LH-RH ) antagonist , Cetrorelix , on the growth of HTOA human epithelial ovarian cancer cell line .	
RT-PCR revealed the expression of mRNA for LH-RH and its receptor in HTOA cells .	
Flow cytometric analysis and terminal deoxynucleotidyltransferase-mediated deoxyuridine 5-triphosphate nick end labeling staining demonstrated that Cetrorelix ( 10(-5) M ) induced apoptosis in HTOA cells .	8	81
In conclusion , Cetrorelix directly inhibits the proliferation of human epithelial ovarian cancer cells through mechanisms mediated by LH-RH receptor and involving multiple events in cell cycle progression , including G1 phase cell cycle arrest coupled with down-regulation of cyclin A-Cdk2 complex levels , presumably attributable to an up-regulation of p53 and p21 protein levels and apoptosis .	9	51	511	5	91	8	81
Western blot analysis of cell cycle-regulatory proteins demonstrated that treatment with Cetrorelix ( 10(-5) M ) for 24 h did not change the steady-state levels of cyclin D1 , cyclin E , and cyclin-dependent kinase ( Cdk)4 but decreased the levels of cyclin A and Cdk2 .	91	9
The protein levels of p21 ( a Cdk inhibitor ) and p53 ( a suppressor of tumor cell growth and a positive regulator for p21 expression ) were increased by Cetrorelix , but the levels of p27 ( a Cdk inhibitor ) did not change significantly .	511	5	51
RESULTS In this study we show that p30 targets multiple cell cycle checkpoints resulting in a delayed entry into S phase .	9	51	91	5	511
Progression to malignancy requires that cells overcome senescence and switch to an immortal phenotype .	
We found that p30 binds to cyclin E and CDK2 and prevents the formation of active cyclin E-CDK2 complexes .	9	51	91	5	511
Cell cycle and apoptosis analysis was performed on tumor-spheres by immuncytochemistry in the presence and absence of the AG1478 .	
We hypothesized that EGFR activation in GSCs varied between patients and was an important determinant of responsiveness to anti-EGFR therapy .	
EGFR activated AKT and inactivated GSK3beta in EGFR+/PTEN+ GSCs .	
Second messenger pathways operative in these processes were elucidated by immunoblotting .	
GBM is an intractable , highly lethal tumor of the central nervous system .	
Evidence suggests that stem-like cells are responsible for initiation , maintenance and recurrence of solid tumors , including Glioblastoma Multiforme ( GBM ) .	
Few studies have examined EGFR activation in GBM stem cells ( GSCs ) to determine if patient-specific GSCs are amenable to anti-EGFR therapy pre-clinically .	
Although epidermal growth factor receptor ( EGFR ) is highly expressed in many GBMs , anti-EGFR therapies have been unsuccessful as treatment .	
We have previously found that HTLV-I p30 is a negative regulator of virus expression .	
Inhibition of EGFR signaling by AG1478 increased GSC senescence and apoptosis , likely via inhibition of AKT and activation of GSK3beta .	92	42	4	8	9	921	93	81
AG1478 and erlotinib significantly decreased the total number of tumor-spheres that EGFR+/ PTEN+ GSCs generated and the rate of sphere formation .	
Fifty-two BCa samples were included for immunohistochemical staining of Med19 and BMP-2 .	
Taken together , the results indicate that these compounds are selectively toxic to cancer cells and are able to circumvent two independent mechanisms of drug resistance , thus expanding the scope of their potential medicinal utility .	
Importantly , minimal or no activity was observed toward primary murine cells ( bone marrow , heart , liver , kidney , spleen , and lung ) , supporting selectivity for cancer cells .	
Labelling techniques leading to higher chemical yield and specific activities must be developed to increase ( 211)At-anti-CD33 therapeutic effects .	
The upregulation of p53 followed by cell-cycle arrest in G(1) phase is likely one mechanism of action of the salan complexes .	
Additionally , the salan complexes maintain high cytotoxicity for up to 24 h following exposure to cell culture medium , whereas reference complexes ( bzac)(2 ) Ti(OiPr)(2) and Cp(2) TiCl(2) rapidly lose much of their activity upon exposure to medium , within h .	
Five salan-Ti(IV) complexes were investigated toward eight different human and murine cancer-derived cell lines , including colon , ovarian , lung , cervical , pancreatic , leukemic , skin , and breast .	
The cytotoxicities of highly efficient salan-Ti(IV) complexes toward a range of cell lines , including drug-resistant cells , are reported along with preliminary mechanistic insights .	
Moreover , the salan-Ti(IV) complexes are highly active toward both cisplatin-sensitive ( A2780 ) and cisplatin-resistant ( A2780CisR ) human ovarian cancer cell lines .	
The salan complexes are more active toward the cells analyzed than cisplatin and the known titanium compound ( bzac)(2 ) Ti(OiPr)(2) , and no cell line resistant to the salan complexes was identified .	
PCNA-I1 dose- and time-dependently reduced the chromatin-associated PCNA in cells .	
Consistent with its effects on PCNA trimer stabilization , PCNA-I1 inhibited the growth of tumor cells of various tissue types with an IC(50) of μM , whereas it affected the growth of nontransformed cells at significantly higher concentrations ( IC(50) , μM ) .	
PCNA-I1 selectively bound to PCNA trimers with a dissociation constant ( K(d) ) of to 0.4 μM .	
PCNA-Is promoted the formation of SDS-refractory PCNA trimers .	
An in silico screen of a compound library against a crystal structure of PCNA and a subsequent structural similarity search of the ZINC chemical database were carried out to derive relevant docking partners .	
Nine compounds , termed PCNA inhibitors ( PCNA-Is ) , were selected for further characterization .	
Proliferating cell nuclear antigen ( PCNA ) , a potential anticancer target , forms a homotrimer and is required for DNA replication and numerous other cellular processes .	
The purpose of this study was to identify novel small molecules that modulate PCNA activity to affect tumor cell proliferation .	
This was associated with an increase in TIMP-3 in the cell culture medium without a change in TIMP-3 mRNA expression suggesting its release from cell surface and/or extracellular matrix .	
This may be explained by our demonstrated N6L interaction with sulfated glycosaminoglycans and consequently the controlled bioavailability of glycosaminoglycan-bound TIMP-3 .	
Here , we investigated the effect of N6L on the invasion capacity of MDA-MB-435 melanoma cells .	
Our results show that the multivalent pseudopeptide N6L inhibited Matrigel invasion of MDA-MB-435 cells in a modified Boyden chamber model .	11	1
In a previous study , we have shown that synthetic ligands binding to cell surface nucleolin/nucleophosmin and known as HB 19 for the lead compound and NucAnt 6L ( N6L ) for the most potent analog , inhibit both tumor growth and angiogenesis .	
Furthermore , they prevent metastasis in a RET transgenic mice model which develops melanoma .	
Moreover , uptake of BrdU was dose-dependently reduced in cells treated with PCNA-I1 .	
Mechanistically the PCNA-Is mimicked the effect of PCNA knockdown by siRNA , inducing cancer cell arrest at both the S and G(2)/M phases .	
The expression pattern of three genes ( RHOA , LIMK2 and TIMP2 ) was confirmed by the real time PCR method .	
These genes belong to several classes ( metabolism , protein localization , cell proliferation , apoptosis , adhesion , stress response , cell cycle and DNA repair ) that may represent several affected cell processes under the influence of cisplatin treatment .	
An analysis of gene expression revealed 67 significantly ( FDR < 0.05 ) modulated genes : 29 of which down- and 38 up-regulated .	
Drug concentrations of 12.5 to 300 μM caused a pronounced reduction in cell survival rates five days after treatment , whereas concentrations higher than 25 μM were effective in reducing the survival rates to However , the maximum apoptosis frequency was 20.4% for 25 μM cisplatin in cells analyzed at 72 h , indicating that apoptosis is not the only kind of cell death induced by cisplatin .	
Cell survival and apoptosis induction following treatment were also evaluated .	
Aiming to study the transcriptional profiles displayed by glioma cells undergoing cisplatin treatment , gene expression analysis was performed by the cDNA microarray method .	
Gliomas are the most common tumors in the central nervous system , the average survival time of patients with glioblastoma multiforme being about 1 year from diagnosis , in spite of harsh therapy .	
In the current study , we analyzed MOTN-1 and PLT-2 cell lines established from different stages of a T-cell large granular lymphocyte leukemia patient ( Daibata et al. 2004 ) .	
Cytokine-dependent cell lines have been used to analyze the cytokine-induced cellular signaling and the mechanism of oncogenesis .	
They shared considerable chromosome abnormalities and the pattern of T-cell receptor rearrangement , presuming that the cytokine independence of PLT-2 was due to the additive genetic abnormality .	
MOTN-1 is IL-2-dependent derived from the chronic phase , whereas IL-2-independent PLT-2 is from the aggressive and terminal stage .	
IL-2 activated ERK , AKT and STAT pathway of MOTN-1 .	
Besides IL-2 , IL-15 supported MOTN-1 cell growth , because these receptors share beta- and gamma-subunits .	
However , ERK1/2 but not AKT , was continuously activated in PLT-2 , consistent with the increased Ras-activity of PLT-2 .	
STAT3 pathway of PLT-2 was also activated by IL-2 , suggesting intact IL-2 induces signal transduction of PLT-2 .	
Another signaling molecule affecting Ras-signaling pathway , SHP2 , which has been frequently mutated in juvenile myelomonocytic leukemia ( JMML ) , did not show mutation .	63	6
Sequence analysis revealed KRAS G12A mutation but not NRAS and HRAS mutation of PLT-2 but not MOTN-1 .	63	6
These investigations have advanced the knowledge about the transcriptional response of DNA repair .	62	6
Alternative transcription products in response to IR were identified in several DNA repair genes including RRM2B and XPC where alternative initiation sites were found .	62	6
METHODS A new transgenic rat line ( TGR ) with hepatic overexpression of native ( rat ) Ang-N was established to study high plasma Ang-N .	
Preincubation of BAEC with PBN or DMPO resulted in the inhibition of H₂O₂-mediated cytotoxicity and apoptosis .	8	81
Nitrone-treatment resulted in the induction and restoration of phase II antioxidant enzymes via nuclear translocation of NF-E2-related factor 2 ( Nrf-2 ) in oxidatively-challenged cells .	
These features of the new model are of critical importance in assessing the success of therapeutic interventions .	
Furthermore , the nitrones were found to inhibit the mitochondrial depolarization and subsequent activation of caspase-3 induced by H₂O₂ .	
The present study assessed the impact of these mutations on the structure and function of hCG by applying a combination of in silico ( sequence and structure analysis , molecular dynamics ) and in vitro ( co-immunoprecipitation , immuno- and bioassays ) approaches .	
The carrier status of each mutation was determined for 1086 North-Europeans [ 655 patients with recurrent miscarriage ( RM)/431 healthy controls from Estonia , Finland and Denmark ] using PCR-restriction fragment length polymorphism .	
Heterodimeric hCG is one of the key hormones determining early pregnancy success .	
We have previously identified rare missense mutations in hCG\u03b2 genes with potential pathophysiological importance .	
The mutation CGB8 p.Pro73Arg ( rs72556345 ) was found in five heterozygotes ( three RM cases and two control individuals ) and was inherited by two of seven studied live born children .	
The mutation caused of secreted \u03b2-subunits to acquire an alternative conformation , but did not affect its biological activity .	
The mutation CGB5 p.Val56Leu ( rs72556325 ) was identified in a single heterozygous RM patient and caused a structural hindrance in the formation of the hCG\u03b1/\u03b2 dimer .	
Although the amount of the mutant hCG\u03b2 assembled into secreted intact hCG was only 10% compared with the wild-type , a stronger signaling response was triggered upon binding to its receptor , thus compensating the effect of poor dimerization .	
For the CGB8 p.Arg8Trp ( rs72556341 ) substitution , the applied in vitro methods revealed no alterations in the assembly of intact hCG as also supported by an in silico analysis .	
In summary , the accumulated data indicate that only mutations with neutral or mild functional consequences might be tolerated in the major hCG\u03b2 genes CGB5 and CGB8 .	
Our data suggest that cancer cells may grow and survive persistent OXPHOS suppression through an as yet unidentified regulatory mechanism .	
We also demonstrate that the adaptation to oligomycin does not invoke activation of hypoxia-induced factor .	
Unexpectedly , we found that these αHS exhibited potent pro-angiogenic effects in primary human ECs. αHS were shown to stimulate EC differentiation , which was associated with increased EC tube formation and proliferation .	
Moreover , αHS supported EC survival under hypoxia and starvation , i.e. conditions typical of the tumor microenvironment .	
On a mechanistic level , binding of αHS to HSPGs of ECs as well as glioblastoma cells was found to trigger p38 MAPK-dependent signaling resulting in increased proliferation .	921	92	9
Tumor development requires angiogenesis and anti-angiogenic therapies have been introduced in the treatment of cancer .	
In this context , heparan sulfate proteoglycans ( HSPGs ) emerge as interesting targets , owing to their function as co-receptors of major , pro-angiogenic factors .	
Accordingly , previous studies have suggested anti-tumor effects of heparin , i.e. over-sulfated HS , and various heparin mimetics ; however , a significant drawback is their unspecific mechanism of action and potentially serious side-effects related to their anticoagulant properties .	
Here , we have explored the use of human ScFv anti-HS antibodies ( αHS ) as a more rational approach to target HSPG function in endothelial cells ( ECs). αHS were initially selected for their recognition of HS epitopes localized preferentially to the vasculature of patient glioblastoma tumors , i.e. highly angiogenic brain tumors .	
Chymase and tryptase activity increased at all stages of tumor progression whereas the number of mast cells remained constant from phase II to III .	
Catechins have been shown to have antiproliferative properties in various cell lines and may have direct virucidal effect .	
The United States Food and Drug Administration has approved a topical ointment formulation of sinecatechins , derived from green tea catechins and other tea components , for the treatment of external genital and perianal warts .	
Background : Green tea catechins possess a wide range of pharmacological properties , including antiviral , anti-infective , and immunostimulatory properties .	
They also have demonstrated inhibitory effects on a variety of enzymatic and metabolic pathways involved in cancer development .	
Methods : The viability of tumor cell lines ( CaSki and SiHa infected with human papillomavirus-16 ; HeLa and C4-I infected with human papillomavirus-18 ) was investigated as one parameter in a short-term viability assay ( 48 hours ) .	
This was followed by a long-term clonogenic assay ( 12-23 days ) to determine the cytotoxic potential of sinecatechins as a parameter for cell viability and proliferation .	
The exact mechanism of action of sinecatechins in eradication of human papillomavirus-induced external genital and perianal warts is unknown , but may be due to one or more of the mechanisms mentioned .	
Objective : This study was conducted to investigate the growth inhibitory potential of the sinecatechins in human cervical carcinoma cell lines infected with human papillomavirus .	
This assay determined if the effect observed in the viability assay was due to retardation in cell proliferation or to a reduction of total cell number , leading to cell death .	
Results : Based on the data collected , sinecatechins inhibited cell growth in all four tumor cell lines by 50 percent ( GI(50) ) at concentrations ranging from 160 to 360�M .	
During the course of inflammation and its resolution , macrophages are exposed to various cytotoxic materials , including reactive oxygen species .	
Thus , macrophages require a protective machinery against oxidative stress to survive at the inflammatory site .	
Here , we showed that xCT , a component of transport system x(c)(-) , was significantly up-regulated in activated infiltrating cells , including macrophages and neutrophils at the inflammatory site .	
System x(c)(-) mediates the uptake of extracellular L-cystine and is consequently responsible for maintenance of intracellular glutathione levels .	
We established a loss-of-function mouse mutant line of xCT by N-ethyl-N-nitrosourea mutagenesis .	
Macrophages from xCT(mu/mu) mice showed cell death in association with the excessive release of high mobility group box chromosomal protein 1 upon stimulation with LPS , suggesting that xCT deficiency causes unremitting inflammation because of the impaired survival of activated macrophages at the inflammatory site .	
Subcutaneous injection of 3-methylcholanthrene ( 3-MCA ) induced the generation of fibrosarcoma in association with inflammation .	a	a2
When 3-MCA was injected s.c. into mice , xCT mRNA was up-regulated in situ .	
In xCT(mu/mu) mice , inflammatory cytokines ( such as IL-1beta and TNFalpha ) were overexpressed , and the generation of 3-MCA-induced fibrosarcoma was accelerated .	a	a2
These results clearly indicate that the defect of the protective system against oxidative stress impaired survival of activated macrophages and subsequently enhanced tumorigenecity .	a21	a2	a
RMC1 also induced the depletion of mitochondrial membrane potential in A549 cells by regulating the expression of pro-survival and pro-apoptotic Bcl-2 family members .	8	81
Multiple logistic regression analysis showed that solid adenocarcinoma and squamous cell carcinoma recurred more frequently than adenocarcinoma with GGO ( p=0.0619 , odds ratio 4.969 , 95%CI 0.9242	
Fisher's exact probability test revealed CEA ≥ 5 ng/ ml as risk factor for LN involvement( p=0.0400 ) .	
Inhibition of NEDD8 activation and conjugation diminished polyubiquitination of ERalpha and blocked proteasome-mediated degradation of receptor protein .	9	93
Coexpression of Uba3 with ERalpha increased receptor degradation by the 26S proteasome .	9	93
In human MCF7 breast cancer cells modified to contain a disrupted NEDD8 pathway , ICI 182,780 degradation of ERalpha was impaired , and the antiestrogen was ineffective at inhibiting cell proliferation .	
The antiestrogen ICI 182,780 is known to induce ER degradation .	
NEDD8 ( neural precursor cell-expressed developmentally down-regulated ) is an ubiquitin-like protein essential for protein processing and cell cycle progression .	
Steroid hormone receptors , including estrogen receptor-alpha ( ERalpha ) , are ligand-activated transcription factors , and hormone binding leads to depletion of receptor levels via preteasome-mediated degradation .	
Here we report that Uba3-mediated inhibition of ERalpha transactivation function is due to increased receptor protein turnover .	
We recently demonstrated that ubiquitin-activating enzyme ( Uba)3 , the catalytic subunit of the NEDD8-activating enzyme , inhibits ERalpha transcriptional activity .	
Axillary surgical staging might be avoided in patients with a predictive value of <16% and axillary lymph node dissection might be done directly in those with a predictive value >70% , while other patients should still accept sentinel lymph node biopsy .	
Crystallographic and biochemical evidence suggest an activation mechanism where a torsional restraint on the Thr168 side chain helps drive the intramolecular processing reaction .	
Patients with GGO ratio 0.25 or less had no lymph node ( LN ) involvement nor lymph vascular invasion .	
Based on our observation that an intact NEDD8 pathway is essential for the antiproliferation activity of the ICI 182,780 in ERalpha positive breast cancer cells , we propose that disruptions in the NEDD8 pathway provide a mechanism by which breast cancer cells acquire antiestrogen resistance while retaining expression of ERalpha .	9	93
This study provides the first evidence linking nuclear receptor degradation with the NEDD8 pathway and the ubiquitin-proteasome system , suggesting that the two pathways can act together to modulate ERalpha turnover and cellular responses to estrogens .	9	93
The human asparaginase-like protein 1 ( hASRGL1 ) catalyzes the hydrolysis of l-asparagine and isoaspartyl-dipeptides .	
As an N-terminal nucleophile ( Ntn ) hydrolase superfamily member , the active form of hASRGL1 is generated by an intramolecular cleavage step with Thr168 as the catalytic residue .	
There is a tendency towards an increased rate of petroleum-induced chromosomal aberrations in a number of generations ( P , F1 , and F2 ) in the rat bone marrow cells .	6
In addition to chromosomal structural abnormalities , there are genomic changes ( aneuploidy , polyploidy ) .	6
The findings indicate that chronic inhalation exposure of the rats to volatile petroleum fractions at different concentrations results in a significant ( 2.5-fold ) increase , compared to the spontaneous level , in the occurrence of chromosomal aberrations in the bone marrow cells in a number of generations .	6
A metaphase chromosome analysis method was used to evaluate the mutagenic activity of volatile petroleum fractions in chronically intoxicated rats .	
The findings are indicative of the mutagenic activity of volatile petroleum fractions , which is likely to pose a potential risk from environmental pollution to biota and population health in the area of intensive oil extraction and refining .	63	6
The maximum mutagenic effect of volatile petroleum fractions was found when used at concentrations of 10 and 100 mg/l upon long-term chronic exposure during three generations ( P1 , F1 , and F2 ) .	63	6
In addition , p56(Lck) represents also independently of pTalpha a promising therapeutical target for the src-kinase inhibitors in neoplastic lymphoid diseases .	
PP1 induced in 6/11 T-ALL cell lines a survival disadvantage resulting from a cell cycle arrest in the G(1/0) phase in thymic lymphoblastic cells and apoptosis induction in the immature cell line HSB-2 , respectively .	9	51	511	5	91	8	81
RESULTS pTalpha expression patterns were markedly different in T-ALL cell lines as compared to those reported for normal lymphoid counterparts .	
CONCLUSION Sensitivity of thymic T-ALLs to PP1 clearly underlines the impact of pTalpha mediated proliferation in this leukemic sub-type .	
PP1 sensitive cell lines expressed the target protein p56(Lck) and showed a corresponding P-Tyr signal .	
METHODS To define the relevance of pTalpha in human T-cell lymphoblastic leukemia ( T-ALL ) , we analyzed in T-ALL cell lines ( n=14 ) pTalpha and p56(Lck) mRNA and protein expression as also the tyrosine-phosphorylation .	
BACKGROUND The pTalpha/preTCR regulates the beta-selection , a crucial T-cell developmental checkpoint , providing a most potent survival advantage to thymocytes mediated by the src-kinase p56(Lck) .	
IC(50) value determination , cell cycle- and apoptosis analyses were performed in T-ALL- , non-T-ALL- and murine transgenic cell lines .	
The p56(Lck) specific src-protein-tyrosine kinase inhibitor ( PTK-I ) PP1 was used in growth inhibition assays .	
Since benzene-induced DNA damages include DNA adducts , we hypothesized that the polymorphisms of ERCC1 ( Excision repair cross complementation group 1 ) and ERCC2/XPD ( Excision repair cross complementation group 2/xeroderma pigmentosum group D ) are associated with the risk of CBP .	
A case-control study involving 102 benzene-poisoned patients and 204 none-benzene-poisoned controls occupationally exposed to benzene was carried out in the Northeast region of China .	
DNA damage induced by benzene and its metabolites is thought of as an important mechanism underlying benzene genotoxicity in chronic benzene poisoning ( CBP ) .	
Therefore , genetic variation in DNA repair genes may contribute to susceptibility to CBP in the exposed population .	
After stratified by smoking , gender and exposure duration we found that the increased risk of CBP associated with the ERCC1 codon 118 TT genotype confined to nonsmokers ( OR=3.214 ; 95% CI : 1.359-7.601 ; P=0.006 ) , female ( OR=3.049 ; 95% CI : 1.235-7.529 ; P=0.013 ) and exposure duration> 12 years ( OR=3.750 ; 95% CI : 1.041-13.513 ; P=0.035 ) .	
Since ERCC1 and ERCC2/XPD are both located on chromosome 19q13.3 , haplotype analysis of all 5 SNPs was also conducted .	62	6
The polymorphisms of codon 118 ( rs11615 ) and C8092A ( rs3212986 ) of ERCC1 , codon 751 ( rs13181 ) , 312 ( rs1799793 ) and 156 ( rs238406 ) of ERCC2/XPD were genotyped by TaqMan(®) Real-time PCR .	
The results showed that individuals carrying the ERCC1 codon 118 TT genotype had an increased risk of CBP ( OR(adj)=3.390 ; 95%CI : 1.393-8.253 ; P=0.007 ) comparing with its CC genotype .	
However no correlations between the risks of CBP and other genotypes or haplotypes were found .	
Therefore , our findings suggest an important role of ERCC1 codon 118 polymorphisms for a biomarker to CBP in the Chinese occupational population .	62	6
Elucidation of the pathways may provide additional targets for antiangiogenic therapy .	7	71
Recognition and quantification of the vascular survival ability in human tumors may significantly improve the prognostic value of the assessment of tumor vasculature , and may help to stratify patients for clinical trials with novel anti-angiogenic or angiotoxic drugs .	7	71
It is suggested that although cancer angiogenic activity is important for the local invasion and dissemination into vessels and lymphatics , the VSA may be important for the effective formation of viable tumor foci in lymph nodes or distant organs .	11	1	7	71
Patients with high TAA and VSA had a particularly poor prognosis .	
Both parameters are independently related to prognosis , while VSA was directly related to tumor dimensions and node involvement .	
One third of the highly angiogenic breast cancer cases examined had a poor ability to maintain high vessel density in inner tumor areas .	7	71
We noted that differences among tumors may exist not only in the tumor angiogenic activity ( TAA ) but also in the vascular survival ability ( VSA ) .	7	71
We developed a method to assess these processes in tissue samples .	
At least two different vasculature development processes occur within a tumor : the angiogenic ( formation of new vessels ) and the vascular survival pathway , which is devoted to the preservation of the newly-formed vessels in layers that lose contact with the adjacent normal tissue .	
Recent reports provide evidence that some growth factors behave as inhibitors of the apoptosis of the endothelial cells , bringing forward the concept of vascular survival as a post-angiogenesis process .	
In this study , we investigated whether rapamycin may be a promising strategy for the effective treatment of melanoma and explored the possible mechanism for this by culturing M14 cells in vitro and treating with rapamycin at three concentrations ( 10 , 50 or 100 nmol/l ) .	
MDC and LC3B staining , western blot analysis , flow cytometry and transmission electron microscopy were employed .	
The absorbance value in the pilocarpine+atropine group was significantly higher than the corresponding value in the pilocarpine group .	
However , there are few studies concerning the effects of rapamycin on the treatment of human melanoma .	
The mechanism may involve regulation of the expression of Bcl-2 family proteins .	
Rapamycin appears to be a promising strategy for the effective treatment of melanoma .	
We revealed that rapamycin induced autophagy and inhibited the proliferation of M14 cells in a concentration-dependent manner , Furthermore , western blot analysis revealed an upregulated expression of Bcl-2 and downregulated expression of Bax in M14 cells .	
In conclusion , rapamycin induced autophagy and inhibited the growth of M14 cells .	82	8
We have previously shown that germline polymorphisms can modify tumor cell metastatic capabilities through cell-autonomous mechanisms .	
Metastasis is a complex process utilizing both tumor-cell-autonomous properties and host-derived factors , including cellular immunity .	
Here , we employ a complex genetic screen to identify Cadm1 as a novel modifier of metastasis .	
However , how metastasis susceptibility genes interact with the tumor stroma is incompletely understood .	
Unexpectedly , Cadm1 did not alter tumor-cell-autonomous properties such as proliferation or invasion , but required the host's adaptive immune system to affect metastasis .	1	2	12	21
We demonstrate that Cadm1 can specifically suppress metastasis without affecting primary tumor growth .	1	12
Our data show a novel function for Cadm1 in suppressing metastasis by sensitizing tumor cells to immune surveillance mechanisms , and this is the first report of a heritable metastasis susceptibility gene engaging tumor non-autonomous factors .	1	2	12	21
The metastasis-suppressing effect of Cadm1 was lost in mice lacking T cell-mediated immunity , which was partially phenocopied by depleting CD8(+) T cells in immune-competent mice .	1	2	12	21
It might achieve its anti-tumor effect through effecting the invasive and metastatic capabilities of breast tumor cells .	1
Data presented here coupled with those of our earlier study underline the importance of simultaneously targeting two interconnected molecular circuits , namely , Nrf2-mediated redox signaling and NF-κB-regulated inflammatory pathway , by pomegranate phytoconstituents to achieve chemoprevention of HCC .	a	a2
Yet , how these patterns are established is incompletely understood .	
Here , we report that physical and architectural features of a multicellular sheet inform cells about their proliferative capacity through mechanical regulation of YAP and TAZ , known mediators of Hippo signaling and organ growth .	
Thus , down-regulation of EP(2) receptors represents a potential mechanism for neoplastic progression to an invasive phenotype .	
Loss of this spatial control is a hallmark of many diseases , including cancer .	
Ser-15 of p53 was phosphorylated after 15 min treatment of the cancer cells with SDGE .	
This increase in p53 was associated with 90% decrease in Bcl2 whereas no effect was observed on Bax .	8	81
Inhibitor of p53 , pifithrin-α , attenuated the anti-cancer effects of SDGE and apoptosis was also not observed in the p53(neg) SKOV-3 cells .	8	81
Our studies demonstrate that terpenoids from SDGE mediate apoptosis by activating p53 and should be therefore be investigated as agents for the treatment of endometrial cancer .	8	81
Treatment of inflammatory dermatoses with systemic antiinflammatory and cytotoxic drugs significantly lowered the titers [ p < 0.005 ( immune complex ) or p < 0.001 ( psoriasis and neoplastic ) diseases ] , suggesting that this assay may be of value in monitoring the response to therapy in these diseases .	a	a2
Titers from sera of psoriatic subjects were lower than from the aforementioned groups but were still significantly elevated ( p < 0.001 ) above those of healthy controls .	
Patients with immune complex diseases and a history of neoplasm elaborated the highest titers of anti-HMdU Ab .	
We found that sera of patients with a variety of inflammatory dermatoses contain elevated levels of antibodies ( Ab ) binding to an oxidized DNA base derivative , 5-hydroxymethyl-2'deoxyuridine ( HMdU ) coupled to bovine serum albumin , as determined by the enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay .	a	a21	a2
ROS play a role in the pathogenesis of a broad range of diseases including autoimmune , cardiac and neoplastic abnormalities .	
Reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) produced by phagocytic cells induce oxidative stress during chronic inflammation .	
The active vitamin D metabolite 1α,25-dihydroxyvitamin D(3) ( 1,25(OH)(2)D(3) ) regulates gene transcription via its nuclear receptor ( VDR ) , and posttranscriptional regulatory mechanisms of gene expression have also been proposed .	
Vitamin D deficiency is associated with the high risk of colon cancer and a variety of other diseases .	
The increased expression of TIMP-1 was more significantly in the RSR group and the combination group when compared with the Herceptin group ( P < 0.05 ) .	
Remarkably , miR-22 is induced by 1,25(OH)(2)D(3) in a time- , dose- and VDR-dependent manner .	
The DSB repair process can involve recombination between the transfected DNA molecules , between the transfected molecules and chromosomal DNA , or both .	
Transfected linear DNA molecules are substrates for double-strand break ( DSB ) repair in mammalian cells .	
Plasmid-based vectors were designed that could either recombine via interplasmid recombination or chromosome-plasmid recombination to produce a functional beta-galactosidase ( betagal ) fusion gene .	
In order to determine whether these different types of repair events are linked , we devised assays enabling us to follow the fate of linear extrachromosomal DNA molecules involved in both interplasmid and chromosome-plasmid recombination , in the presence or absence of a pre-defined chromosomal DSB .	
Furthermore , when a predefined DSB was created at a chromosomal site , the extrachromosomal recombinant DNA molecules were shown to integrate preferentially at that site by Southern and fiber-FISH ( fluorescence in situ hybridization ) analysis .	612	61	6
By measuring the frequency of betagal+ cells at 36 h post-transfection versus the frequency of betagal+ clones after 14 days , we found that the number of cells containing extrachromosomal recombinant DNA molecules at 36 h ( i.e. , betagal+ ) , either through interplasmid or chromosome-plasmid recombination , was nearly the same as the number of cells integrating these recombinant molecules .	
The efficiency at which extrachromosomal recombinant molecules are used as substrates in chromosomal DSB repair suggests extrachromosomal DSB repair can be coupled to the repair of chromosomal DSBs in mammalian cells .	612	62	61	6
Together these data indicate that the initial recombination event can potentiate or commit extrachromosomal DNA to integration in the genome at the site of a chromosomal DSB .	612	61	6
Additionally , miR-22 inhibition increases cell migration per se and decreases the antimigratory effect of 1,25(OH)(2)D(3) in both cell types .	11	1
In SW480-ADH and HCT116 cells , miR-22 loss-of-function by transfection of a miR-22 inhibitor suppresses the antiproliferative effect of 1,25(OH)(2)D(3) .	
Consistently , miR-22 inhibition abrogates the 1,25(OH)(2)D(3)-mediated suppression of NELL2 , OGN , HNRPH1 , RERE and NFAT5 genes .	
Temporal expression of therapy-response genes is clearly an important factor in characterising the response to endocrine therapy in breast tumours which has significant implications for the timing of biopsies in neoadjuvant biomarker studies .	
In silico analysis shows a significant overlap between genes suppressed by 1,25(OH)(2)D(3) and miR-22 putative target genes .	
It is important , when assessing the hazard associated with NPs , to establish standard testing procedures and thorough strategies to consider the diverse conditions relevant to possible exposures .	
This article describes evaluation of plasma membrane fluidity and intracellular SOD with relation to apoptotic death of cervical carcinoma cells after radiation therapy .	
Cells from biopsies of cancer patients ( stage IIIB ) prior to and 24 h after radiation dose of 2 Gy were examined .	
Plasma membrane fluidity , measured by fluorescence polarization of DPH incorporated into lipid bilayer and superoxide dismutase ( SOD ) activity , determined by epinephrine method , showed significant decrease but per cent apoptotic cells , as determined by annexin-V and TUNEL methods , were found increased by two folds after radiotherapy .	8	81
It is suggested that decrease in DPH polarization in membrane , reduction in SOD activity and increased apoptosis in cervical cells of cancer patients treated with radiation may be consequent to oxidative damage induced by reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) , which may have implications in developing predictive protocol in cancer radiotherapy .	a21	a2	a	8	81
BACKGROUND Yes Associated Protein ( YAP ) has been implicated in the control of organ size by regulating cell proliferation and survival .	
Perlecan Domain V ( DV ) promotes brain angiogenesis by inducing VEGF release from brain endothelial cells ( BECs ) following stroke .	
In this study , we define the specific mechanism of DV interaction with the α(5)β(1) integrin , identify the downstream signal transduction pathway , and further investigate the functional significance of resultant VEGF release .	
Interestingly , we found that the LG3 portion of DV , which has been suggested to possess most of DV's angio-modulatory activity outside of the brain , binds poorly to α(5)β(1) and induces less BEC proliferation compared to full length DV .	
Additionally , we implicate DV's DGR sequence as an important element for the interaction of DV with α(5)β(1) .	
Furthermore , we investigated the importance of AKT and ERK signaling in DV-induced VEGF expression and secretion .	
We show that DV increases the phosphorylation of ERK , which leads to subsequent activation and stabilization of eIF4E and HIF-1α .	
Inhibition of ERK activity by U0126 suppressed DV-induced expression and secretion of VEGR in BECs .	71	7	711
While DV was capable of phosphorylating AKT we show that AKT phosphorylation does not play a role in DV's induction of VEGF expression or secretion using two separate inhibitors , LY294002 and Akt IV .	71	711	7	9	921	92
Lastly , we demonstrate that VEGF activity is critical for DV increases in BEC proliferation , as well as angiogenesis in a BEC-neuronal co-culture system .	9	71	7	711
Collectively , our findings expand our understanding of DV's mechanism of action on BECs , and further support its potential as a novel stroke therapy .	
CONCLUSIONS These results suggest that MMP , especially MMP-2 and -3 , play an important role in tumor invasion and metastasis and that analysis of MMP-2 and -3 production is useful for evaluation of malignant potential in esophageal carcinoma .	1
METHODS In this study , using peroxidase-antiperoxidase method , monospecific antisera against MMP-1 ( tissue collagenase ) , MMP-2 ( type IV collagenase/72-kilodalton [ KD ] gelatinase ) , and MMP-3 ( stromelysin ) were applied to 29 squamous cell carcinomas and normal epithelium of the esophagus to identify cells synthesizing and secreting these enzymes .	
RESULTS Immunoreactivity of MMP-1 , -2 , and -3 was observed in small cancer nests of the deeply invasive or marginal portion of the tumor .	11	1
BACKGROUND Matrix metalloproteinases ( MMP ) are a gene family of zinc enzymes capable of degrading almost all of the extracellular matrix macromolecules in vivo .	
Their enzymic activities are believed to be responsible for tumor invasion and metastasis .	
There was a good correlation among histologic stage and tumor invasion , lymph node metastasis , and MMP expression .	1
In particular , expression of MMP-2 and -3 was closely related to lymph node metastasis and vascular invasion .	1
Among the 29 patients studied , the presence of at least one MMP was observed in 17 ( 58.6% ) .	
All three enzymes were observed in six ( 20.6% ) patients , MMP-2 and -3 in five ( 17.2% ) patients , only MMP-2 in three ( 10.3% ) patients , and MMP-3 alone in three ( 10.3% ) patients .	
RESULTS Akt and pAkt protein levels were significantly higher in gastric cancer tissue than in normal tissue ( n = 48 patients ) .	
Whereas , Nec-1 could not only decrease the necrotic rate but also apoptotic rate as well ( P < 0.05 , P < 0.01 ) .	83	81	8
Data of Nec-1 on caspases activities showed that Nec-1 could not affect Caspase-9 activity ( P > 0.05 ) and Cty-c protein expression as well ( P > 0.05 ) .	
Cell viabilities were detected at different concentrations of Al and/or Nec-1 .	
Hoechst 33342/PI double staining was used to observe apoptosis and ( or ) necrosis that were quantified by flow cytometry using Annexin V/PI double staining .	
OBJECTIVE To study the effect of necrostatin ( Nec-1 ) on apoptosis induced by aluminum ( Al ) , and approach the mechanism .	
METHODS Neural cell death model was made by 4 mmol/L Al treated neuroblastoma cells ( SH-SY5Y ) .	
RESULTS Cell viabilities were significantly decreased with the increasing concentrations of Al ( P < 0.05 ) , which could be significantly upregulated by 60 micromol/L Nec-1 ( P < 0.05 ) and were correlated with the concentrations of Nec-1 ( P < 0.05 , P < 0.01 ) .	
Apoptosis and necrosis were observed under fluorescent microscope and quantified by flow cytometry , which suggested an increasing trend of apoptotic and necrotic rates ( P < 0.05 , P < 0.01 ) .	83	81	8
Apoptotic pathway was tested by activities of Caspase-3 , Caspase-8 and Caspase-9 .	
In addition , the expression of NF-kappa B and Cyt-c was measured by immunocytochemistry .	
Inhibition of drug-induced autophagy in either the melanoma cells or the colon carcinoma cells was only slightly protective as the cells instead died by apoptosis .	82	81	8
We found that As(2)O(3) acts directly on MM cells at relatively low concentrations of 0.5 �M , which effects survival and apoptosis of MM cells .	
In this study , we investigated the effect of As(2)O(3) on proliferation and apoptosis in human myeloma cell line and primary myeloma cells , and then we studied that As(2)O(3) exerts antimyeloma effects by inhibiting activity in the α-tubulin and Hsp90 through western blot analysis and immunoprecipitation .	
Subsequently , we found that As(2)O(3) treatment in a dose- and time-dependent fashion markedly increased the level of acetylated α-tubulin and acetylated Hsp90 , and inhibited the chaperone association with IKKα activities and increased degradation of IKKα .	
However , As(2)O(3) inhibited HDAC activity at the relatively high concentration and dose-dependent manner ( great than 4 �M ) .	
Histone deacetylases ( HDAC ) play an important role in the control of gene expression , and their dysregulation has been linked to myeloma .	
Arsenic trioxide ( As(2)O(3) ) has shown remarkable efficacy for the treatment of multiple myeloma ( MM ) .	
However , the mechanisms of action for As(2)O(3) have not yet been defined .	
Especially , HDAC6 , a unique cytoplasmic member of class II , which mainly functions as α-tubulin deacetylase and Hsp90 deacetylase , has become a target for drug development to treat cancer due to its major contribution in oncogenic cell transformation .	
Strikingly , p400 and Rad51 are present in the same complex and both favor chromatin remodeling around DSBs .	612	61	6
We demonstrate that p400 is important for HR-dependent processes , such as recruitment of Rad51 to DSB ( a key component of HR ) , homology-directed repair , and survival after DNA damage .	61	62	6
Altogether , our data provide a direct molecular link between Rad51 and a chromatin remodeling enzyme involved in chromatin decompaction around DNA DSBs .	612	61	6
Furthermore , we observed the effect of As(2)O(3) on TNF-α-induced NF-κB signaling pathway was to significantly reduced phosphorylation of Ser-536 on NF-κB p65 .	
Importantly , the loss of IKKα-associated Hsp90 occurred prior to any detectable loss in the levels of IKKα , indicating a novel pathway by which As(2)O(3) down-regulates HDAC6 to destabilize IKKα protein via Hsp90 chaperone function .	
Indeed , although p400 is not required for DNA damage signaling , DNA DSB repair is defective in the absence of p400 .	612	62	61	6
Here , we show that the p400 ATPase is required for DNA repair by homologous recombination ( HR ) .	62	6
All these results indicated that leptin could regulate proliferation and apoptosis of colorectal carcinoma through the PI3K/Akt/ mTOR signalling pathway .	81	8	9	921	92
Furthermore , the effects of leptin on proliferation and apoptosis of HCT-116 colon carcinoma cells were determined .	
The results showed that leptin/Ob-R expression was significantly associated with T stage , TNM stage , lymph node metastasis , distant metastasis , differentiation and expression of p-mTOR , p-70S6 kinase , and p-Akt .	1	12
Ly294002 ( a PI3K inhibitor ) and rapamycin ( an mTOR inhibitor ) could prevent the regulatory effects of leptin on the proliferation and apoptosis of HCT-116 cells via abrogating leptin-mediated PI3K/Akt/mTOR pathway .	81	8	9	921	92
The results showed that leptin could stimulate the proliferation and inhibit the apoptosis of HCT-116 colon cells through the PI3K/Akt/mTOR pathway .	921	92	9
The obesity hormone leptin is considered as a key mediator for cancer development and progression .	
Epidemiological studies have indicated that obesity is associated with colorectal cancer .	
The expression of leptin and its receptor Ob-R was examined by immunohistochemistry in 108 Chinese patients with colorectal carcinoma .	
The present study aims to investigate regulatory effects of leptin on colorectal carcinoma .	
Gamma-radiation , tetrandrine , bistratene A , and cisplatin were all found to induce pronounced morphological changes characteristic of apoptosis and extensive DNA fragmentation in the human BM13674 cell line 8 h after treatment .	8	81
Therefore , the greatest cytotoxicity activity at 39�C might depend on upregulation of cytotoxic granule proteins including perforin and granzyme B. These results suggest that heat shock enhances effector phase of the adaptive immune system and promotes eradication of microbe and tumor cells .	
On the other hand , CTL cell death was induced under 41�C condition with highest Caspase-3 activity .	8
To improve chemotherapy and enable personalised treatment , the need of biomarkers is of great significance .	
Cytotoxicity and IFN-γ secretion of CTL were greatest under 39�C condition , whereas they were minimum under 41�C .	
We established a cytotoxic T lymphocyte ( CTL ) clone ( #IM29 ) specific for survivin , one of the tumor-associated antigens ( TAAs ) , from survivin peptide-immunized cancer patients ' peripheral blood , and the CTL activities were investigated in several temperature conditions ( 37-41�C ) .	
The expression of perforin and granzyme B were upregulated under temperature conditions of 39 and 41�C .	
To address the molecular mechanisms of this phenomenon , we investigated the apoptosis status of CTLs , expression of CD3 , CD8 , and TCRαβ by flow cytometry , and expression of perforin , granzyme B , and Fas ligand by western blot analysis .	
Cancer hyperthermia therapy results in shrinkage of tumors by various mechanisms , including induction of adaptive immune response .	
This compound also inhibited the appearance of apoptosis in fresh human leukaemia cells that had been exposed to gamma-radiation .	8	81
In this study , we investigated how heat shock influences the adaptive immune system .	
However , the physiological meaning of systemic fever and mechanisms of tumor shrinkage by hyperthermia have not been completely understood .	
These results have broad implications for how combinatorial growth factor signaling contributes to cancer metastasis , suggesting that VEGF and TGFβ might modulate HGF signaling to influence route selection during cancer progression .	9	12	92	1
Moreover , Beclin 1 overexpression enhanced anti-proliferative effects of proteasome inhibitors in ovarian cancer cells .	
The inhibition of apoptosis was confirmed using fluorescence microscopy and DNA gel electrophoresis .	8	81
EMT plays a major role in cancer metastasis , allowing individual cells to detach from the primary tumor , invade local tissue , and colonize distant tissues with new tumors .	
RESULTS Unsupervised clustering clearly distinguished the treated cell lines from the untreated .	
Signaling between nerves and invasive cancer cells remains poorly understood , as does cellular decision making that selects the specific route of invasion .	
While invasion of vascular and lymphatic networks is the predominant route of metastasis , nerves also can act as networks for dissemination of cancer cell to distant sites in a process termed perineual invasion ( PNI ) .	
We find that TGFβ , produced by PC12 cells , enhances scattering in response to HGF stimulation , increasing both cell-cell junction disassembly and cell migration .	9	92
Here we examine how HGF signaling contributes to PNI using reductionist culture model systems .	
Interestingly , VEGF suppresses TGFβ-induced enhancement of scattering .	
Further , gradients of TGFβ induce migratory mesenchymal cells to undergo chemotaxis towards the source of TGFβ .	11	1	92	9
CONCLUSIONS Targeting the FGFR pathway in head and neck cancer acts through the stromal components to decrease HNSCC growth in vivo and in vitro .	
The present data provides further support that posttranslational modification of proteins , in particular , phosphorylation/dephosphorylation status , plays an important role in inhibition/activation of programmed cell death in different human cells after exposure to several cytotoxic agents .	8
Additionally , treatment of mice bearing HNSCC xenografts with PD173074 resulted in significant growth inhibition ( P < .001 ) .	
Additionally , we screened met proto-oncogene ( Met ) , the transcriptional target gene of MACC1 , for mutations .	
METHODS We sequenced the coding exons of MACC1 in 154 colorectal tumors ( stages I , II and III ) and the crucial exons of Met in 60 colorectal tumors ( stages I , II and III ) .	
We analyzed the association of MACC1 polymorphisms with clinical data , including metachronous metastasis , UICC stages , tumor invasion , lymph node metastasis and patients ' survival ( n = 154 , stages I , II and III ) .	
Additionally , those tumors from mice treated with PD173074 had a smaller stromal component , decreased proliferation , and increased apoptosis .	9	81	8
BACKGROUND Colorectal cancer is one of the main cancers in the Western world .	
About 90% of the deaths arise from formation of distant metastasis .	
The expression of the newly identified gene metastasis associated in colon cancer 1 ( MACC1 ) is a prognostic indicator for colon cancer metastasis .	
Here , we analyzed for the first time the impact of single nucleotide polymorphisms ( SNPs ) in the coding region of MACC1 for clinical outcome of colorectal cancer patients .	
The complement system contributes to various immune and inflammatory diseases , including cancer .	
In this study , we investigated the capacity of lung cancer cells to activate complement and characterized the consequences of complement activation on tumor progression .	
We focused our study on the production and role of the anaphylatoxin C5a , a potent immune mediator generated after complement activation .	
We first measured the capacity of lung cancer cell lines to deposit C5 and release C5a .	
RESULTS We genotyped three MACC1 SNPs in the coding region .	
Thirteen % of the tumors had the genotype cg ( rs4721888 , L31V ) , 48% a ct genotype ( rs975263 , S515L ) and 84% a gc or cc genotype ( rs3735615 , R804T ) .	
We also found a significant increase of C5a in plasma from patients with non-small cell lung cancer , suggesting that the local production of C5a is followed by its systemic diffusion .	
The contribution of C5a to lung cancer growth in vivo was evaluated in the Lewis lung cancer model .	
Sustained release of copper ( Cu ) ions from Cu-containing intrauterine devices ( CuIUD ) is quite efficient for contraception .	
However , the tissue surrounding the CuIUD is exposed to toxic Cu ion levels .	
The objective for this study was to quantify the concentration dependent cytotoxic effects of Cu ions and correlate the toxicity due to Cu ion burst release for two popular T-shaped IUDs - TCu380A and TCu220C on L929 mouse fibroblasts .	
Fibroblasts were cultured in 98 well tissue culture plates and 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol- 2-yl)-2,5-diphehyltetrazolium bromide ( MTT ) assay was used to determine their viability and proliferation as a function of time .	
For cell seeding numbers ranging from 10,000 to 100,000 , a maximum culture time of 48 h was identified for fibroblasts without significant reduction in cell proliferation due to contact inhibition .	
Thus , for Cu cytotoxicity assays , a cell seeding density of 50,000 and a maximum culture time of 48 h in 96 well plates were used. 24 h after cell seeding , culture media were replaced with Cu ion containing media solutions of different concentrations , including 24 and 72 h extracts from TCuIUDs and incubated for a further 24 h .	
Cell viability decreased with increasing Cu ion concentration , with 30 % and 100 % reduction for 40 \u03bcg/ml and 100 \u03bcg/ml respectively at 24 h .	
The cytotoxic effects were further evaluated using light microscopy , apoptosis and cell cycle analysis assays .	
Fibroblasts became rounded and eventually detached from TCP surface due to Cu ion toxicity .	
A linear increase in apoptotic cell population with increasing Cu ion concentration was observed in the tested range of 0 to 50 \u03bcg/ml .	
The inhibitory effects of G129R on p-Neu and on tumor growth are dependent upon interactions of tumor epithelial cells with CAFs .	
METHODS Tumour tissue and matched healthy gastric mucosa were obtained from patients undergoing surgical resection of gastric adenocarcinoma .	
Cucurmosin induces the apoptosis of BxPC-3 pancreatic cancer cells via the PI3K/Akt/mTOR signaling pathway .	8	81
These findings suggest that cucurmosin can down-regulate the expression of EGFR by targeting .	9	93
However , the mRNA expression of EGFR did not change .	9	93
With increasing concentration of cucurmosin , the expression of EGFR , p-PI3K , Akt , p-Akt , mTOR , p-mTOR , P70S6K-α , p-P70S6K-α , 4E-BP1 and p-4E-BP1 at the protein level was decreased , whereas the expression of p-Bad and caspase-9 was elevated .	
We found that cucurmosin inhibited the proliferation of BxPC-3 cells in a time- and dose-dependent manner , and increased the cell population in the G0-G1 phase .	91	9
We explored the function of cucurmosin in BxPC-3 pancreatic cancer cells using multiple cellular and molecular approaches such as 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide assay , flow cytometry , reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction ( RT-PCR ) , Western blotting and transmission electron microscopy for observing typical changes and formation of apoptotic bodies .	
Due to its cytotoxicity , cucurmosin can inhibit tumor cell proliferation through induction of apoptosis on tumor cells , but the specific mechanism is still unclear .	
Cucurmosin is a novel type1 ribosome-inactivating protein ( RIP ) isolated from the sarcocarp of Cucurbita moschata ( pumpkin ) .	
Potent therapeutic strategies are urgently needed for pancreatic cancer .	
Pancreatic cancer remains the fourth most common cause of cancer-related death in the United States .	
Transfection of antisense Nur77 receptor into BGC-823 cells resulted in resistance of cell growth against ATRA inhibition , and the cells were still arrested in the S phase .	91	9
Although all-trans retinoic acid ( ATRA ) could not induce apoptosis in BGC-823 cells due to failure of stimulating Nur77 translocation , expression of Nur77 in the nucleus was required for cell growth inhibition by ATRA .	8	81
This TPA-induced translocation of Nur77 was in association with the initiation of apoptosis in gastric cancer cells .	8	81
The tetradecanoylphorbol-1,3-acetate ( TPA ) treatment not only resulted in up-regulation of the Nur77 mRNA level , but also led to translocation of Nur77 protein from the nucleus to the mitochondria , and caused the release of cytochrome c .	
Nur77 was constitutively expressed in BGC-823 cells .	
In this study , Nur77 can be seen to regulate apoptosis via its expression and translocation , rather than its transactivation activity in gastric cancer cells .	8	81
Although Nur77 affects cell proliferation and apoptosis through its capability of binding to a variety of response elements and regulating their transactivation activities , the intrinsic function of Nur77 is not yet fully understood ; in particular , its regulation of apoptosis and proliferation has been characterized as cell type-dependent and agent context-dependent .	
Nur77 is an orphan receptor .	
Retionoic acid receptor beta 2 gene is a tumor suppressor gene and the chemopreventive effects of retinoids are due to induction of RAR beta 2 .	
In this study , the effect of 5-Aza-CdR RAR beta 2 restoration was investigated in the MRK-nu-1 human female breast cancer cell line .	
Like all cancers , breast cancer is considered to result in part from the accumulation of multiple genetic alterations leading to oncogene overexpression and tumor suppressor loss .	
More recently , CpG island hypermethylation is known to be associated with gene silencing in cancer , and these silenced genes can be reactivated by 5-aza-2'-deoxycytidine ( 5-Aza-CdR ) .	
Cell cycling and growth inhibition were studied using flow cytometric analysis of DNA content and CellTiter 96 AQueous non-radioactive cell proliferation assay , respectively. 5-Aza-CdR treatment resulted in complete demethylation of the RAR beta 2 gene .	
RAR beta 2 restoration was accompanied by cell cycle arrest ( increase in the G0/G1- and decrease in the S- and G2/M-phases ) and time-dependent growth inhibition .	511	5	51
Taken together , the data revealed the dual functioning mechanisms of Nur77 in gastric cancer cells in response to TPA and ATRA .	
Furthermore , the action of Nur77 in TPA-induced apoptosis was mediated through a protein kinase C signaling pathway , while mitogen-activated protein kinase and phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase signaling pathways were responsible for the regulation of Nur77 mRNA expression .	8	81
Thus , endogenously produced GM3 and SM3 differentially and distinctly regulate tumor-progression ability , that is , GM3 leads the transformed phenotype of J5 cells to promotion and SM3 to abrogation .	
OBJECTIVE The signalling molecule protein kinase B ( Akt ) modulates many cellular processes .	
The J5 clone was selected for the transfection of these genes because it lacks GM3 and SM3 but accumulates lactosylceramide .	
To investigate the significance of sialylation and sulfation of lactosylceramide in transformed cells , we established ganglioside GM3- and lactosylsulfatide ( SM3)-reconstituted cells by transfecting cDNAs of GM3 synthase and cerebroside sulfotransferase into the J5 subclone of 3LL Lewis lung carcinoma cells .	
However , anchorage-independent growth ( as measured by colony-forming ability in soft agar ) of the SM3- reconstituted cells was almost completely lost , which supports our previous observation showing the suppression of tumorigenic potential in vivo and beta1 integrin gene expression induced by the introduction of cerebroside sulfotransferase gene ( Kabayama et al. [ 2001 ] J. Biol .	
The anchorage-dependent growth of both GM3- and SM3-reconstituted cells was similar .	
The GM3-reconstituted cells formed a significantly higher number of colonies in soft agar compared to mock-transfected cells and began to proliferate and become resistant to apoptosis when serum was depleted , indicating that endogenous GM3 is essential for maintaining these fundamental properties of malignant cells .	8	81
Chem. , 276 , 26777-26783 ) .	
The selective down-regulation of platelet-derived growth factor ( PDGF)-dependent ERK1/2 activation in the GM3-reconstituted cells was due to the substantial decreases of PDGF alpha receptor mRNA and protein , but in the SM3-reconstituted cells PDGF alpha receptor expression was similar to mock cells .	9	93
We also found that serum-induced ERK1/2 activation was suppressed in the GM3-reconstituted cells , suggesting that anchorage-independent cell cycle initiation by endogenous GM3 is elicited through pathway(s) independent of ERK1/2 activation .	91	9
Phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase ( PI3K)/Akt signalling pathways play important roles in tumour angiogenesis .	
UNLABELLED Activation of beta-catenin , the central effector of the canonical Wnt pathway and a recognized oncogene , has been implicated in hepatocellular carcinoma .	
We examined N-nitrosodiethylamine ( DEN)-induced tumorigenesis in hepatic beta-catenin conditional knockout mice ( beta-cat KO ) .	
Male beta-cat KO and age- and sex-matched littermate controls were given a single intraperitoneal DEN injection and followed for 6-12 months for hepatic tumors .	
Hepatic tumors were characterized for histology , proliferation , apoptosis , oxidative stress , and specific proteins by way of western blot , immunohistochemistry , and coprecipitation studies .	
For in vivo tumor intervention studies , specific inhibitors were administered intraperitoneally or through drinking water .	
Intriguingly , beta-cat KO mice showed a paradoxical increase in susceptibility to DEN-induced tumorigenesis .	
This accelerated tumorigenesis is due to increased injury and inflammation , unrestricted oxidative stress , fibrosis , and compensatory increase in hepatocyte proliferation secondary to platelet-derived growth factor receptor alpha ( PDGFRalpha)/phosphoinositide 3-kinase ( PIK3CA)/Akt activation and c-Myc overexpression .	a21	a2	a
In vitro suppression of beta-catenin expression in hepatoma cells led to enhanced PDGFRalpha expression , which was abrogated in the presence of nuclear factor kappaB ( NF-kappaB ) inhibitor .	
Daily treatment of 6-month-old DEN-exposed beta-cat KO with PDGFRalpha inhibitor dramatically reduced tumor numbers and size .	
Inclusion of N-acetyl-L-cysteine , a known antioxidant and NF-kappaB inhibitor , in the drinking water led to complete abolition of tumorigenesis in DEN-exposed beta-cat KO .	
After SDT , the occurrence of autophagy was identified by morphological observation and biochemical analysis .	
Meanwhile , the mitochondria dependent apoptosis pathway was examined to participate in SDT induced cell death .	
Sonodynamic therapy ( SDT ) has shown great potential in target cancer therapy , but it induced cell death modes hasn't been fully investigated .	
This study was to examine autophagic and apoptotic responses to protoporphyrin IX ( PpIX ) mediated SDT in murine leukemia L1210 cells .	
Additionally , the possible mechanism of SDT-induced autophagy was evaluated by measurement of ROS ( reactive oxygen species ) formation .	a	a21	a2	82	8
Result suggested ROS play important role in initiating autophagy , possibly through the sono-damaged mitochondria being enclosed by autophagic vacuoles .	a	a21	a2	82	8
The relationship between autophagy and apoptosis was further investigated by applying pharmacological inhibition studies , which indicated that impairment of autophagy enhanced the anti-tumor effect of SDT through induction of apoptosis and necrosis , while caspase inhibition didn't affect autophagic vacuoles formation or protect SDT induced cytotoxicity .	82	83	81	8
The findings supported that autophagic vacuoles formed upstream and independently from caspase-dependent cell death .	82	8
All together , these data indicate that autophagy may be cytoprotective in our experimental system , and point to an important insight into how autophagy inhibitors , in combination with SDT may contribute a regimen for cancer therapy .	82	8
These effects were accompanied by a reduction of the phosphorylation of extracellular signal-regulated kinase 1/2 and c-jun N-terminal kinase , whereas it increased the phosphorylation of p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase ( MAPK ) .	921	92	9
SB203580 abolished the downregulation of COX-2 and VEGFR-2 and the inhibition of cell proliferation by 1 .	
CONCLUSION Pol beta played an important role in the repair of DNA damage induced by BaP , deficiency of pol beta could decrease the DNA repair capability of cells , and overexpression of pol beta could help cells response to DNA damage and protect cells from death in a certain degree .	61	62	6
A second experimental group of rats was treated with isolated liver perfusion for 30 min with oxygenated blood through the portal vein and hepatic artery simultaneously .	
Whether it would exert antiestrogenic effects on breast cancer is not clear .	
Combination of bazedoxifene ( BZA ) with conjugated estrogens ( CEs ) , the first TSEC , has shown beneficial effects .	
Male Wistar rats were inoculated in the liver with tumor cells from a chemically induced colonic adenocarcinoma .	
Many of the NACHT/NB-ARC loci are organized in pairs or triplets in the Acropora genome , suggesting that the large coral NACHT/NB-ARC repertoire has been generated at least in part by tandem duplication .	
Since tumor cells are more dependent on glycolysis for energy supply than other cells , we tested whether its inhibition by 2-deoxy-D-glucose ( 2-DG ) affects tumor growth .	
Increased LeY expression activates epidermal growth factor receptor ( EGFR ) and human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 ( HER2 ) and promotes cell proliferation in EGFR-overexpressing cells .	
Somatic NF1 mutations were also detected in two primary tumors exhibiting an MSI phenotype .	63	6
Finally , a 35-bp deletion in the murine Nf1 coding region was identified in mlh1-/- mouse embryonic fibroblasts .	
These children exhibited a constitutional genetic instability associated with clinical features of de novo neurofibromatosis type 1 ( NF1 ) and early onset of extracolonic cancer .	
Based on these observations , we hypothesized that somatic NF1 gene mutation was a frequent and possibly early event in MMR-deficient cells .	
To test this hypothesis , we screened for NF1 mutations in cancer cells .	
Genetic alterations were identified in five out of ten tumor cell lines with MSI , whereas five MMR-proficient tumor cell lines expressed a wild-type NF1 gene .	
DNA mismatch repair ( MMR ) is the process by which incorrectly paired DNA nucleotides are recognized and repaired .	
A germline mutation in one of the genes involved in the process may be responsible for a dominantly inherited cancer syndrome , hereditary nonpolyposis colon cancer .	
Cancer progression in predisposed individuals results from the somatic inactivation of the normal copy of the MMR gene , leading to a mutator phenotype affecting preferentially repeat sequences ( microsatellite instability , MSI ) .	
Recently , we identified children with a constitutional deficiency of MMR activity attributable to a mutation in the h MLH1 gene .	
Genetic analyses suggest ECM9 is directly associated with the START transition .	
The majority of the logarithmic phase size mutants have functions associated with translation further implicating the central role of growth control in the cell division process .	
Upon completion , 10 new strong size mutants were identified : nine in log-phase cells and one in saturation-phase cells , and 97% of the yeast genome has now been screened for cell size mutations .	
Since a second generation yeast gene knockout collection has been generated , we screened an additional 779 yeast knockouts containing 435 new ORFs ( of the yeast genome ) to supplement previous cell size screens .	
Two initial screens identified genes that strongly modulate cell size in yeast .	
Numerous studies have shown that progression past START is actively regulated by cell size control genes , many of which have implications in cell cycle control and cancer .	
In budding yeast S. cerevisiae , growth to a " critical cell size " must be achieved before a cell can progress past START and commit to cell division .	
ABSTRACT : Cell size homeostasis is a conserved attribute in many eukaryotic species involving a tight regulation between the processes of growth and proliferation .	
In depth analyses of new size mutants may facilitate a better understanding of the processes that govern cell size homeostasis .	
Further , the small ( whi ) mutants mrpl49Δ and cbs1Δ are dependent on CLN3 for cell size effects .	
Deregulation of the cyclin-dependent kinase 2 activity by cellular and external factors leads to many diseases like cancers .	
We also demonstrate that the majority of mammary tumors isolated from transgenic mice with mammary specific-Ron overexpression ( MMTV-Ron mice ) , exhibit appreciable ER expression .	
Moreover , genetic-ablation of ERα , in the context of Ron overexpression , leads to delayed mammary tumor initiation and growth , but also results in an increased metastasis .	1	12
CONCLUSIONS Ron receptor overexpression is associated with ERα-positive human and murine breast tumors .	9	93
In addition , loss of ERα on a Ron overexpressing background in mice leads to the development of breast tumors which grow slower but which exhibit more metastasis and suggests that targeting of ERα , as in the case of tamoxifen therapy , may reduce the growth of Ron overexpressing breast cancers but may cause these tumors to be more metastatic .	1	93	12	9
BACKGROUND The receptor tyrosine kinase family includes many transmembrane proteins with diverse physiological and pathophysiological functions .	
The involvement of tyrosine kinase signaling in promoting a more aggressive tumor phenotype within the context of chemotherapeutic evasion is gaining recognition .	
The Ron receptor is a tyrosine kinase receptor that has been implicated in the progression of breast cancer and evasion of tamoxifen therapy .	
RESULTS Here , we report that Ron expression is correlated with in situ , estrogen receptor alpha ( ERα)-positive tumors , and is higher in breast tumors following neoadjuvant tamoxifen therapy .	9	93
A decreased proliferation fraction was observed in two tumors responding to tamoxifen .	9
Two patients who responded to tamoxifen had tumors with more than 75% estrogen receptor positive cells .	9	93
Progressive disease was observed in two patients with less than 25% receptor positive cells .	9	93
Eight patients , all with estrogen receptor positive tumors , had stable disease .	9	93
Seven premenopausal patients ( 32-50 years ) were given preoperative chemotherapy because of large tumors or inflammatory carcinoma .	
Twelve postmenopausal women ( 54-93 years ) with primary breast carcinoma were treated with tamoxifen due to infirmity or refusal to undergo surgery .	
Aspirations were repeated every 3 months in the tamoxifen group and each month in patients receiving chemotherapy .	
Fine-needle aspiration biopsy was used to procure tumor cells for diagnosis , hormone receptor determination and analysis of proliferation fraction .	
Objective response was recorded for six patients treated with chemotherapy .	
In these tumors the percentage of proliferating cells remained high during therapy .	9
Mutations in the gene encoding cytosolic Cu,Zn-superoxide dismutase ( SOD1 ) have been linked to familial amyotrophic lateral sclerosis ( FALS ) .	
Due to Akt/mTOR , EMT and AIB1 pathways participate in this process , therefore , E-cadherin and AIB1 may be considered as possible biomarkers to predict response in ER-positive breast cancer cells treated with EGFR and COX-2 inhibitors .	
FCE 23762 ( 3 ' desamino-3'[2(s)methoxyl-4-morpholinyl]doxorubicin ) is a new doxorubicin ( Dx ) derivative that has been selected for clinical testing for its favourable antitumor characteristics , which include efficacy on Dx-resistant tumors .	
Immunosuppression is an undesirable side-effect of anti-cancer chemotherapy and the therapeutic efficacy of Dx is probably also related to its low immunotoxicity .	
It was , thus , of interest to compare the effects of FCE 23762 and its parental drug on the immune responses .	
Both compounds were injected i.v. into healthy mice at equitoxic doses and according to different treatment schedules .	
Single doses of FCE 23762 and Dx , given concomitant or after the antigen , suppressed at the same degree and dose-dependently the primary anti-SRBC antibody response .	
Following a multiple treatment schedule after the antigen , FCE 23762 was less suppressive than Dx on both primary and secondary antibody production .	
Differently from Dx , that was completely inactive , FCE 23762 moderately inhibited DTH reaction to SRBC , only at the highest single dose tested or for repeated administrations given simultaneously or after priming .	
Both drugs were totally ineffective in delaying skin allograft rejection .	
Since spleen cellularity and ex vivo lymphocyte proliferation to Con A and LPS were similarly impaired by the two drugs , the differentiated immunodepressive activity of FCE 23762 and Dx cannot be merely associated to their cytotoxic and antiproliferative action .	2	22
The hypothesis of a selective effect on different regulatory cell subsets and/or immune mechanisms is discussed .	2
Unlike quercetin , its glycosidated conjugate rutin , failed to provide any significant protection against idarubicin-induced DNA strand breaks except at the highest concentration tested ( 2 mM ) .	612	61	6
The protective effects of other antioxidants were significantly less than that of quercetin even at high concentrations .	
Quercetin was found to be also an effective protector against DNA damage induced by mitomycin C. CONCLUSION We conclude that quercetin , one of the most abundant flavonoids in the human diet , is highly effective in reducing the DNA damage caused by the antitumor agents , idarubicin and mitomycin C , following bioactivation by P450 reductase .	61	6
The compound C induced G2/M arrest in p53-knockdown BCC cells was associated with the sustained inactive Tyr15 phosphor-Cdc2 expression .	9	51	511	5	91
Using the wildtype p53-expressing BCC cells versus stable p53-knockdown BCC sublines , we present evidence that p53-knockdown cancer cells were much less sensitive to compound C treatment with significant G2/M cell cycle arrest and attenuated the compound C-induced apoptosis but not autophagy .	9	51	511	82	5	91	8	81
Overall , our results established that compound C-induced apoptosis in skin cancer cells was dependent on the cell's p53 status .	8	81
In this study , we have demonstrated that compound C not only induced autophagy in all tested skin cancer cell lines but also caused more apoptosis in p53 wildtype skin cancer cells than in p53-mutant skin cancer cells .	82	81	8
Compound C , a well-known inhibitor of the intracellular energy sensor AMP-activated protein kinase ( AMPK ) , has been reported to cause apoptotic cell death in myeloma , breast cancer cells and glioma cells .	
The changes of p53 status were dependent on DNA damage which was caused by compound C induced reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) generation and associated with activated ataxia-telangiectasia mutated ( ATM ) protein .	a	a21	61	a2	6
Compound C can induce upregulation , phosphorylation and nuclear translocalization of the p53 protein and upregulate expression of p53 target genes in wildtype p53-expressing skin basal cell carcinoma ( BCC ) cells .	
However , when analyzing the reciprocal correlation among the different biochemical parameters we showed that , in treated animals , the majority of ERalpha positive tumors ( 91.7% ) were also PCNA positive ( P=0.036 ) .	9	93
The binding capacity of CCK-B receptors constitutes 34% of the total high affinity CCK binding sites .	
This study demonstrated that DSL-6 pancreatic carcinoma expresses three subtypes of CCK receptors .	9	93
Gastrin ( CCK-B ) receptors , which were not detected in normal rat pancreas , constitute about one third of the total high affinity CCK receptors .	9	93
We suggest that novel expression of gastrin ( CCK-B ) receptors may be generated by gene mutation or amplification during carcinogenesis and may play an important role in promoting tumor growth .	9	93
Thus , loss of the abundant nuclear long ncRNA MALAT1 is compatible with cell viability and normal development .	
Significantly higher levels of DNA damage , increased p53 activity , and a greater percentage of apoptotic cells were observed in SH-SY5Y cells transfected with G93A SOD1 when compared to cells overexpressing wild-type SOD1 and untransfected cells .	61	81	8	6
In vivo , capsaicin downregulated the expression of phospho-PI3 Kinase p85 ( Tyr458 ) and phospho-Akt ( Ser473 ) .	
In conclusion , we have demonstrated that capsaicin is an inhibitor of growth of PANC-1 cells , and downregulation of the phosphoinositide 3-kinase/Akt pathway may be involved in capsaicin-induced apoptosis in vitro and in vivo .	8	81
CONCLUSIONS/SIGNIFICANCE We conclude that PTH-induced bone formation in myelomatous bones is mediated by activation of multiple signaling pathways involved in osteoblastogenesis and attenuated bone resorption and myeloma growth ; mechanisms involve increased osteoblast production of anti-myeloma factors and minimized myeloma induction of inflammatory conditions .	
The results of a Cell Counting Kit-8 ( CCK-8 ) assay revealed that capsaicin significantly decreased the viability of PANC-1 cells in a dose-dependent manner .	
Capsaicin induced G0/G1 phase cell cycle arrest and apoptosis in PANC-1 cells as demonstrated by a flow cytometric assessment .	9	51	511	5	91	8	81
Capsaicin , one of the major pungent ingredients found in red peppers , has been recently demonstrated to induce apoptosis in various malignant cell lines through an unclear mechanism .	
In this study , the effect of capsaicin on proliferation and apoptosis in the human pancreatic cancer cell line PANC-1 and its possible mechanism(s) of action were investigated .	
Moreover , capsaicin gavage significantly inhibited the growth of pancreatic cancer PANC-1 cell xenografts in athymic nude mice .	
An increased number of TUNEL-positive cells and cleaved caspase-3 were observed in capsaicin-treated mice .	8	81
Caspase-3 expression at both the protein and mRNA level was promoted following capsaicin treatment .	
Furthermore , we revealed that phospho-PI3 Kinase p85 ( Tyr458 ) and phospho-Akt ( Ser473 ) in PANC-1 cells were downregulated in response to capsaicin .	
We have previously shown that the antiprogestin and antiglucocorticoid mifepristone inhibits the growth of ovarian cancer cells .	
Taken together , these observations might suggest that GNA inhibits tumor cell proliferation via apoptosis-induction and cell cycle arrest .	
In addition , anticancer effect was further demonstrated by applying xenografts in nude mice coupled with the characteristic of apoptosis in the GNA treated group .	
Treatment with GNA dose and time dependently induced A549 cells apoptosis , arrested the cells to G0/G1 phase in vitro and down-regulated the expression of cyclin D1 and cyclooxygenase ( COX)-2 in mRNA level .	a	9	51	511	a2	5	91	8	81
The results suggested that GNA significantly inhibited the proliferation of several tumor cell lines in vitro and in vivo .	
Here we performed a study to determine whether GNA possesses anticancer effect and find its potential mechanisms .	
Although anticancer effect of gambogic acid ( GA ) and its potential mechanisms were well documented in past decades , limited information is available on the anticancer effect of gambogenic acid ( GNA ) , another major active component of Gamboge .	
Western blot , FACS , and confocal microscopy analysis demonstrated that G93A SOD1 is present in the nucleus in association with DNA .	
The activation of Akt in ovarian cancer cells , as marked by its phosphorylation on Ser473 , was not modified by cytostatic concentrations of mifepristone , but it was blocked upon treatment with LY294002 .	
The combination mifepristone/LY294002 , but not the individual drugs , killed ovarian cancer cells via apoptosis , as attested by genomic DNA fragmentation and cleavage of caspase-3 , and the concomitant down-regulation of anti-apoptotic proteins Bcl-2 and XIAP .	8	81
The distributions of genotypes and alleles of the genes XRCC2 and RAD51 polymorphism were not significantly associated with the different stages of breast carcinoma ( p > 0.05 ) .	
The 399Gln allele variant was also associated with type I breast cancer ( OR = 1.41 [ 0.98-2.01 ] , p = 0.034 ) .	
Importantly , αHS-mediated proliferation was efficiently counter-acted by heparin and was absent in HSPG-deficient mutant cells , confirming HS-specific effects .	
Conclusion : These results suggest that 399Gln allele of XRCC1 Arg399Gln may be a risk factor for breast cancer in the Polish population .	
Material and methods : We investigated the association of polymorphisms in the DNA repair genes XRCC1-Arg399Gln , XRCC2-Arg188His and RAD51-135G/C with the breast cancer risk .	
Background : Several polymorphisms in the DNA repair gene have been extensively studied in the association with various human cancers such as breast cancer .	
Results : Our results demonstrated a significant positive association between the XRCC1 399Gln/Gln homozygous genotype and breast carcinoma , with an adjusted odds ratio ( OR ) of 2.08 [ 1.08-3.98 ] .	62	6
Genotypes were determined by PCR-RFLP assays in 220 patients with breast cancer and 220 age-matched healthy controls .	
We conclude that several αHS that recognize HS epitopes abundant in the tumor vasculature may elicit a pro-angiogenic response , which has implications for the development of antibody-based targeting of HSPGs in cancer .	7	71
In conclusion , present data point to a role of VIP in preventing invasion and metastasis in ccRCCs and support its potential therapeutic usefulness in this disease .	1
Chronic alcohol ingestion increases hepatic cytochrome P450 2E1 ( CYP2E1 ) , which is associated with hepatocarcinogenesis .	
We investigated whether treatment with chlormethiazole ( CMZ ) , a CYP2E1 inhibitor , protects against alcohol-associated hepatic carcinogenesis in rats .	
Rats were fed either an ethanol liquid diet or a non-ethanol liquid diet , with or without CMZ for one and ten months .	
A single intraperitoneal injection of diethylnitrosamine ( DEN , 20 mg/kg ) was given to initiate hepatic carcinogenesis .	
CYP2E1 expression , inflammatory proteins , cell proliferation , protein-bound 4-HNE , etheno-DNA adducts , 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine ( 8-OHdG ) , retinoid concentrations , and hepatic carcinogenesis were examined .	
Ethanol feeding for 1 month with DEN resulted in significantly increased hepatic CYP2E1 levels and increased nuclear accumulation of NF-\u03baB protein and TNF-\u03b1 expression , which were associated with increased cyclin D1 expression and p-GST positive altered hepatic foci .	
All of these changes induced by ethanol feeding were significantly inhibited by the one month CMZ treatment .	
At 10-months of treatment , hepatocellular adenomas were detected in ethanol-fed rats only , but neither in control rats nor in animals receiving ethanol and CMZ .	
The 8-OHdG formation was found to be significantly increased in ethanol fed animals and normalized with CMZ treatment .	a21	611	61	a2	a	6
In addition , alcohol-reduced hepatic retinol and retinoic acid concentrations were restored by CMZ treatment to normal levels in the rats at 10 months of treatment .	
The " high-risk " human papillomavirus types 16 ( HPV-16 ) and 18 ( HPV-18 ) have been etiologically implicated in the majority of human cervical carcinomas .	
Taxotere was active in all three assays at concentrations that were not cytotoxic and did not inhibit endothelial cell proliferation .	7	71
In this study , the effect on endothelial cell functions of the microtubule-stabilizing drugs Taxotere and Taxol were evaluated in three in vitro assays : a chemokinetic migration assay , an angiogenesis factor-mediated chemotactic migration assay , and a three-dimensional Matrigel tubule formation assay , using rat fat pad endothelial cells ( RFPECs ) and/or human umbilical vein endothelial cells ( HUVECs ) .	
Endothelial cell migration and proliferation are key components of tumor angiogenesis , and agents that target the microtubule cytoskeleton can interfere with these processes .	
A number of cancer chemotherapeutic drugs designed to have cytotoxic actions on tumor cells have recently been shown to also have antiangiogenic activities .	
When the microtubule cytoskeleton was visualized using immunofluorescence staining of alpha-tubulin , there were no gross morphological changes observed in HUVECs or RFPECs treated with Taxotere at concentrations that inhibited endothelial cell migration but not proliferation .	
In a Boyden chamber assay , HUVEC chemotaxis stimulated by either of two angiogenic factors , thymidine phosphorylase or vascular endothelial growth factor , was inhibited by Taxotere with an IC50 of 10(-11) M and was ablated at 10(-9) M. Taxotere was also up to 1000-fold more potent than Taxol in inhibiting either chemokinetic or chemotactic migration .	
HUVEC migration , however , was more sensitive to Taxotere , with an observed IC50 of 10(-12) M in a chemokinetic assay .	
In the RFPEC chemokinetic migration and in vitro tubule formation assays , the IC50 values were approximately 10(-9) M for both Taxotere and Taxol .	7	71
The microRNA family , miR221/222 has recently been identified as a post-translational regulator of p27 , and apoE3 inhibited miR221/222 expression in a Cox2- and PGI(2)/IP-dependent manner .	
Reorientation of the centrosome , which acts as the microtubule organizing center , in the intended direction of movement is a critical early step in the stabilization of directed cell migration .	
The effects of Taxotere on migration were associated with a reduction in the reorientation of the cell's centrosome , at concentrations that did not affect gross microtubule morphology or proliferation .	
We investigated how NDRG1/Cap43 could affect tumor growth and angiogenesis in non-small-cell lung cancer ( NSCLC ) in vivo using an animal experimental model , and also how it could affect tumor angiogenesis and prognosis in NSCLC patients .	
This toxic activity of mutant SOD1 in the nucleus may play an important role in the complex mechanisms associated with motor neuron death observed in ALS pathogenesis .	
JG-03-14 reduced the size of tumor nodules in mice lungs ; furthermore , the drug did not promote peripheral neuropathy .	
This pathway may represent another therapeutic target for treatment of those aggressive glioblastomas expressing DeltaEGFR .	
Collectively , our studies establish PDK1 as a key driver and candidate therapeutic target in glioblastoma multiforme .	
Moreover , genetic loss of Malat1 in a knockout mouse model did not give rise to any obvious phenotype or histological abnormalities in Malat1-null compared with wild-type animals .	
Expressed mRNA levels of heme oxygenase-1 , glutamylcysteine ligase , glutathione peroxidase 2 , thioredoxin ( TRX ) 1 , and TRXRD1 were also enhanced by co-treatment , whereas treatment with As(V) alone reduced the mRNA expression level of TRX2 .	a21	a2	a
Our data suggest that co-treatment with As(V) exacerbated Cr(VI)-induced pulmonary injury and that this effect may be exerted through a disruption in the balance among several antioxidant genes .	
Our results indicated that administration of Cr(VI) alone or in combination with As(V) induced neutrophil-dominant inflammation as well as phosphorylation of mitogen-activated protein kinases ; effects of treatment with As(V) alone were comparatively less potent .	a	a2
By analyzing the production of interleukin-6 and activity of lactate dehydrogenase and caspase , we confirmed that co-treatment intensified pulmonary injury and that it was accompanied by oxidative stress , as confirmed by marked increases in the production of reactive oxygen species , reduced glutathione content , and thioredoxin reductase ( TRXRD ) activity .	a21	a2	a
Mice were sacrificed 2 days after treatment to collect bronchoalveolar lavage fluid and lung tissue samples .	
Inflammation , cytotoxicity , apoptosis , and oxidative stress markers were measured .	
The present study was designed to determine the combined toxic effects of these metals in the lungs and to clarify the specific molecules that are stimulated by combined exposure to both metals .	
Male C57BL/6J mice were intratracheally instilled with arsenate [ As(V) ] , hexavalent chromium [ Cr(VI) ] , or a combination of both metals .	
Chromated copper arsenate , which is used worldwide as a wood preservative , can adversely affect human health .	
Accumulating evidence suggests that chromium ( Cr ) and arsenic ( As ) can potentially disrupt the redox balance and cause respiratory diseases and cancer in humans .	
PDK1 is a HIF-1-regulated gene and our findings indicated that hypoxia-induced PDK1 expression may promote EGFR activation , initiating a feed-forward loop that can sustain malignant progression .	9	93
In this study , we report that hypoxia drives expression of the pyruvate dehydrogenase kinase ( PDK1 ) and EGFR along with the hypoxia-inducing factor ( HIF)-1\u03b1 in human glioblastoma multiforme cells .	
In this effort , we employed a modular assembly approach to prepare a novel 11β-substituted steroidal anti-estrogen functionalized with an azido-tetraethylene glycol moiety , which could be coupled to a complementary doxorubicin benzoyl hydrazone functionalized with a propargyl tetraethylene glycol moiety .	
As part of our program to develop breast cancer specific therapeutic agents , we have synthesized a conjugate agent that is a conjugate of the steroidal anti-estrogen and the potent cytotoxin doxorubicin .	
The results demonstrated that the presence of the anti-estrogenic component in the hybrid compound was critical for selectivity and cytotoxicity in ER(+)-MCF-7 human breast cancer cells as the hybrid was more potent than doxorubicin in inhibition of cell proliferation and promoting cell death .	
Huisgen [ 3 + 2 ] cycloaddition chemistry gave the final hybrid that was evaluated for selective uptake and cytotoxicity in ER(+)-MCF-7 and ER(-)-MDA-MB-231 breast cancer cell lines .	
The MAP17-dependent increase in ROS and tumorigenesis relies on its PDZ-binding domain because disruption of this sequence by point mutations abolishes the ability of MAP17 to enhance ROS production and tumorigenesis .	63	6
The goal of this study was to identify and characterize cell cycle-regulatory mechanisms responsible for the anti-mitogenic effect of apoE .	
Glioblastoma multiforme is the most aggressive primary brain tumor in adults .	
RESULTS Positive rate of NF-κB RelA was 42.6% .	
The results of this study suggest that CPM is a likely candidate for the regulation of biological processes relying on the CCL1-CCR8 system .	
In conclusion , STX2171 and STX1383 significantly lower plasma testosterone levels and inhibit androgen-dependent tumor growth in vivo , indicating that 17β-HSD3 inhibitors may have application in the treatment of hormone-dependent prostate cancer .	
OBJECTIVE In addition to its effects on cholesterol levels , apoE3 has lipid-independent effects that contribute to cardiovascular protection ; one of these effects is the ability to inhibit cell cycling in VSMCs .	
The 15% olive-oil diet increased all areas of the lymph nodes in tumor-free rats , while in tumor-bearing rats , this diet increased the areas of the cortex and mantle layer .	
In tumor-bearing rats , areas of germinal centers increased compared to the 7% olive-oil diet .	
Feeding the mothers with both the 7% and 15% olive-oil diets significantly increased the number of tumor-free rats in offspring .	
Three months later , tumors were counted and sized , and samples from the spleen , axillary lymph nodes and tumors collected for immunohistochemical analyses .	
In the spleen , the 15% olive-oil diet significantly increased the areas of the follicles and germinal centers but only in tumor-free rats .	
Tumors were characterized with active mitosis , intensive lymphoid infiltration inside a knot and high rates of apoptosis , particularly in tumors obtained from rats whose mothers were fed the 15% olive-oil diet .	8	81
Rat mothers were fed either a 7% or 15% corn-oil or a 7% or 15% olive-oil diet .	
We studied whether feeding pregnant female rats different high fat diets affects structural zones in the spleen and lymph nodes , involved in production of T and B cells , as well as cell kinetics and apoptosis in some offspring with mammary glands tumors .	
Five-week old offspring were exposed twice to the carcinogen , dimethylbenz(a)antracene ( 10 mg/rat/week ) .	
At four weeks of age , female offspring ( n=10-15 per group ) were transferred to 7% corn oil diet .	
The findings are paving way for silicosis early prevention , prognosis and possible therapy .	
SU5416 is a small molecule which inhibits angiogenesis by acting as an inhibitor of VEGF receptor-2 tyrosine kinase .	
Vascular endothelial growth factor A ( VEGF-A ) and its receptor tyrosine kinases located on endothelial cells seem to play an important role in the multistep pathway of angiogenesis .	
We found that SH-SY5Y cells expressed VEGF-A on both the mRNA and protein levels , that plasma concentrations of VEGF-A were significantly elevated in animals with neuroblastoma with a volume > 1.4 ml , and that there was a correlation between VEGF-A levels in plasma and tumor size in untreated tumor-bearing animals .	71	7	711
We have developed a reproducible murine model for neuroblastoma , a childhood cancer , based on s.c. xenotransplantation of SH-SY5Y neuroblastoma cells .	
SU5416 treatment also suppressed tumor angiogenesis , despite an increase in plasma VEGF-A levels per ml tumor volume during therapy .	71	7	711
Treatment with SU5416 reduced the growth of neuroblastoma tumors by 65% without apparent toxicity .	
Our experimental data suggest that the angiogenesis inhibitor SU5416 may be beneficial in the treatment of solid tumors of childhood such as neuroblastoma .	7	71
Whether the immune system can also promote disease progression is not known .	
A CML-specific immune response is thought to contribute to the control of disease .	
Clinically , CML has a chronic phase that eventually evolves into an accelerated stage and blast crisis .	
Chronic myelogenous leukemia ( CML ) results from a chromosomal translocation in hematopoietic stem or early progenitor cells that gives rise to the oncogenic BCR/ABL fusion protein .	
This resulted in increased proliferation and differentiation of LSCs .	
Binding of CD27 by its ligand , CD70 , increased expression of Wnt target genes in LSCs by enhancing nuclear localization of active β-catenin and TRAF2- and NCK-interacting kinase ( TNIK ) .	
In a mouse model of CML , BCR/ABL+ LSCs and leukemia progenitor cells were found to express CD27 .	
In the present study , we investigated the possibility that the TNF receptor family member CD27 is present on leukemia stem cells ( LSCs ) and mediates effects of the immune system on CML .	
Furthermore , CD27 was expressed on CML stem/progenitor cells in the bone marrow of CML patients , and CD27 signaling promoted growth of BCR/ABL+ human leukemia cells by activating the Wnt pathway .	
Blocking CD27 signaling in LSCs delayed disease progression and prolonged survival .	
These effects were accompained by a decrease in the mitogen-activated kinase singaling pathway .	
Interestingly , in some cell lines SP abrogation decreased the steady state of Her2 and EGFR , suggesting that SP-mediated signaling is important for the basal activity of these ErbB receptors .	9	93
In consequence , we observed a blockade of the cell cycle progression and the inhibition of several cell cycle-related proteins including mTOR .	91	9
SP inhibition also induced cell death in cell lines resistant to Lapatinib and Trastuzumab that have increased levels of active Her2 , suggesting that this therapeutic approach could be also effective for those cancers resistant to current anti-ErbB therapies .	8
NK1 is a tachykinin receptor highly relevant to tumorigenesis and metastasis development in breast cancer and other carcinomas .	
Despite the substantial efforts done to develop potent NK1 receptor antagonists , none of these antagonists had shown good antitumor activity in clinical trials .	
Now , we have tested the effect of inhibition of the neuropeptide Substance P ( SP ) , a NK1 ligand , as a potential therapeutic approach in cancer .	
We found that the inhibition of SP with antibodies strongly inhibit cell growth and induce apoptosis in breast , colon , and prostate cancer cell lines .	8	81
The evidence that androgen blockade-resistant prostate cancer , termed castration resistant , remains androgen receptor ( AR ) dependent is compelling .	
Vav3 knockdown resulted in lowered nuclear AR3 levels , whereas total AR3 levels remained similar .	
Thus , we propose a new therapeutic strategy for those cancers that express NK1 receptor and/or other tachykinin receptors , based in the immuno-blockade of the neuropeptide SP .	
Thus PDA-66 is a new anti-mitotic compound with an indole-core with the potential to be used for cancer therapy .	
AR is re-activated through multiple mechanisms including expression of constitutively active splice variants that lack hormone binding domains ( HBDs ) .	
Notably , recombination between homologous chromosomes occurred at a frequency of 1 per 10,000 iPSCs .	
Southern blot hybridization and genomic PCR analyses demonstrated that the genotype of the mutation-restored iPSCs was indistinguishable from that of the wild-type cells .	
Induced pluripotent stem cells ( iPSCs ) generated by epigenetic reprogramming of personal somatic cells have limited therapeutic capacity for patients suffering from genetic disorders .	
Here we demonstrate restoration of a genomic mutation heterozygous for Pkd1 ( polycystic kidney disease 1 ) deletion ( Pkd1(+/-) to Pkd1(+/R+) ) by spontaneous mitotic recombination .	
Importantly , the frequency of cyst generation in kidneys of adult chimeric mice containing Pkd1(+/R+) iPSCs was significantly lower than that of adult chimeric mice with parental Pkd1(+/-) iPSCs , and indistinguishable from that of wild-type mice .	
This repair step could be directly incorporated into iPSC development programmes prior to cell transplantation , offering an invaluable step forward for patients carrying a wide range of genetic disorders .	
Indolylmaleimides display a broad spectrum of biological activity and offer great opportunity to influence several aspects of cell fate , as proliferation and differentiation .	
Because the p160 coactivators interact most strongly with the amino-terminus of AR , we examined the consequences of disrupting this interaction .	
In this study we describe the effect of PDA-66 , a newly synthesised indolylmaleimide , showing a strong dose dependent anti-proliferative effect on immortalised human progenitor and cancer cells .	
Four dicarboximide-resistant isolates of B. cinerea ( Bc-19 , Bc-45 , Bc-682 , and Bc-RKR ) contained a single base pair mutation in their BcOS1 gene that resulted in an amino acid substitution in the predicted protein .	63	6
Telomerase activity was not detectable in control or extended lifespan populations but was present in immortal populations .	4	41
These results suggest that chromosomes with short ( TTAGGG)n tracts are recombinogenic , critically shortened telomeres may be incompatible with cell proliferation and stabilization of telomere length by telomerase may be required for immortalization .	4	41
The predicted BcOS1p is highly homologous to osmosensor histidine kinase OS1p from Neurospora crassa including the N-terminal six tandem repeats of approximately 90 amino acids .	
Loss of telomeric DNA during cell proliferation may play a role in ageing and cancer .	
Since telomeres permit complete replication of eukaryotic chromosomes and protect their ends from recombination , we have measured telomere length , telomerase activity and chromosome rearrangements in human cells before and after transformation with SV40 or Ad5 .	
The incision activity was slightly depressed in both male and female liver tissue and in the foetal tissue 5h after the injection , but significantly increased from 5 to 24h after the injection .	62	6
However , it did not reach levels significantly above the control levels .	
We previously demonstrated that covalent conjugation of polyethleneglycol ( PEG ) to Adv enhances therapeutic effects and decreases toxic side-effects after systemic administration , but the level of immune response to PEGylated Adv ( PEG-Ad ) was not examined .	
Application of adenovirus vectors ( Adv ) in metastatic cancer treatment is limited .	
We constructed a set of PEG-Ad using 5-kDa PEG , with modification rates of 30% , 45% and 90% .	
The levels of 8-oxodG in the foetal tissue were unaltered as compared to the adult groups .	a21	611	61	a2	a	6
The levels of anti-Adv IgG and anti-Adv IgM in rats treated with unmodified Adv were higher than those in control group .	
After systemic administration of Advs to rats , we examined the level of anti-Adv immunoglobulin ( Ig)G and IgM in serum .	
This study was set up to investigate the relationships between the formation and removal of DNA damage in form of 8-oxodeoxyguanosine ( 8-oxodG ) in neonatal ( day 16 of gestation ) as compared to adult rats .	
The hypothesis addressed was whether the rapidly dividing foetal tissue has an enhanced requirement of DNA repair providing protection against potentially mutagenic DNA damages such as 8-oxodG .	
Simultaneous detection of SRC-1 peptides and PSA by double immunofluorescence in transfected LNCaP cells clearly demonstrated a strong reduction in PSA levels in cells expressing the peptides .	
The peptides also inhibited the AR dependent expression of PSA in castration resistant C4-2 cells .	
An anti-insulin growth factor-1 receptor monoclonal antibody completely blocked the osteoclast-induced survival of MMC suppressing both osteoclast and MMC survival .	9	93
An anti-CCR2 monoclonal antibody blocked osteoclast chemoattractant activity for MMC , and CCR2 chemokines are also MMC growth factors , promoting mitogen-activated protein kinase activation in MMC .	921	92	9
Osteoclasts express specifically genes coding for 4 CCR2-targeting chemokines and genes coding for MMC growth factors .	
To further elucidate the mechanisms involved in osteoclast/MMC interaction , we have identified 552 genes overexpressed in osteoclasts compared with other bone marrow cell subpopulations .	
Osteoclasts strongly support MMC survival in vitro .	
MMCs are found closely associated with sites of increased bone resorption .	
Osteolytic bone lesions are detected in 80% of patients because of increased osteoclastic bone resorption and reduced osteoblastic bone formation .	
Multiple myeloma is characterized by the clonal expansion of malignant plasma cells ( multiple myeloma cells [ MMCs] ) , in the bone marrow .	
As examples , we describe the application of these methods to the study of proteins involved in recombination-mediated DNA repair , a process essential for the maintenance of genomic integrity .	62	6
We describe the sample preparation and instrumentation used to visualize the interaction of individual proteins with single molecules of DNA .	
Visualization is achieved by fluorescently labeling either the DNA or the protein of interest , followed by direct imaging using high-sensitivity fluorescence microscopy .	
The general experimental design involves attaching a single DNA molecule to a polystyrene microsphere that is then used as a microscopic handle to manipulate individual DNA molecules with a laser trap .	
To better understand the behavior of proteins that bind to and/or translocate on DNA , we have developed instrumentation that uses optical trapping , microfluidic solution delivery , and fluorescent microscopy to visualize either individual proteins or assemblies of proteins acting on single molecules of DNA .	
In traditional biochemical experiments , the behavior of individual proteins is obscured by ensemble averaging .	
In immortal cells , telomere length and frequency of dicentric chromosomes stabilized after crisis .	4	41
In these resistant isolates , codon 86 of the second repeat , which encodes an isoleucine residue in sensitive strains , was converted to a codon for serine .	
ABSTRACT Partial DNA fragments of Botrytis cinerea field isolates encoding the putative osmosensor histidine kinase gene ( BcOS1 ) were cloned by polymerase chain reaction amplification and the predicted amino acid sequences were compared between dicarboximide-sensitive and resistant field isolates .	
However , the efficacy of surgical resection for gastric cancer liver metastasis(GLM)remains unclear .	
Liver resection is now widely accepted as a potentially curative treatment for colorectal liver metastasis .	
From January 1993 to January 2011 , 73 patients underwent hepatectomy for GLM in the Department of Gastroenterological Surgery , Cancer Institute Ariake Hospital(Japanese Foundation for Cancer Research ) , Japan .	
Based on our 18-year experience with 64 patients who underwent curative hepatectomy for GLM , we discuss the indication and efficacy of surgical resection for GLM .	
By multivariate analysis , serosal invasion of the primary gastric cancer and larger hepatic tumor(>5 cm in diameter)were found to be independent indicators of poor prognosis .	11	1
The actuarial1 - , 3- , and 5-year overall survival rates and 1- , 3- , and 5-year recurrence-free survival rates of those 64 patients who achieved curative resections were 84 , 50 , and 37% , and 42 , 27 , and 27% , respectively .	
The actuarial overall survival rates of each group were 63 , 36 , and 0% at 3 years , and 53 , 15 , and 0% at 5 years .	
Based on the multivariate analysis results , all patients were divided into three groups no poor prognostic factor(n=38) , one poor prognostic factor(n=24) , and two poor prognostic factors(n=2) .	
GLM patients having hepatic tumors with the maximum diameter of <5 cm , and without serosalinvasion of the primary gastric cancer , are the best candidates for hepatectomy .	11	1
Autophagy was induced at low concentrations of archazolid that do not alter pH in lysosomes and was shown by degradation of p62 or fusion of autophagosomes with lysosomes .	82	8
Prior to apoptosis induction archazolid lead to the activation of a cellular stress response including activation of the hypoxia-inducible factor-1 alpha ( HIF1alpha ) and autophagy .	82	81	8
As silencing HIF1alpha increases apoptosis , the cellular stress response was suggested to be a survival mechanism .	8	81
HIF1alpha was induced due to energy stress shown by a decline of the ATP level and followed by a shut down of energy consuming processes .	
However little is known about the role of V-ATPase in cell death and especially the underlying mechanisms remain mostly unknown .	
In all mortal populations , telomeres shortened by approximately 65 bp/generation during the lifespan of the cultures .	
We found that archazolid induced apoptosis in highly invasive tumor cells at nanomolar concentrations which was executed by the mitochondrial pathway .	8	81
We used the myxobacterial macrolide archazolid B , a potent inhibitor of the V-ATPase , as an experimental drug as well as a chemical tool to decipher V-ATPase related cell death signaling .	
These results suggest that an amino acid substitution within the second repeat of BcOS1p is responsible for phenotypes of field resistant isolates ( resistant to dicarboximides but sensitive to phenylpyrroles , and normal osmotic sensitivity ) in B. cinerea .	
We propose V-ATPase as a promising drugable target in cancer therapy caught up at the interplay of apoptosis , autophagy and cellular/metabolic stress .	82	81	8
We conclude that archazolid leads to energy stress which activates adaptive mechanisms like autophagy mediated by HIF1alpha and finally leads to apoptosis .	82	81	8
To increase the levels of 8-oxodG , the rats received an injection ( i.p. ) of the hepatotoxin 2-nitropropane .	
Further studies are required to determine whether EDCs promote carcinogenesis invivo .	
The compound induced significant levels of 8-oxodG in male rat livers 5h after the injection and in the foetuses 24h after the injection , while the female rats showed no increase in 8-oxodG .	61	611	6
We found a 2-3-fold increased incision activity in the foetal control tissue , together with a 3-15-fold increase in mRNA of OGG1 as compared to liver tissue from adult rats .	62	6
It suppressed drug-related Cdk1 activity with a less elevation of regulator proteins such as cyclin B1 , Cdk7 and reduced caspase activation and PARP cleavage compared to the efficiency observed in normoxic condition , which were significantly relative with hypoxia-driven inhibition of p53 and p-ERK1/2 activation .	92	51	511	9	5	8	91	921	81
These results clearly demonstrated that hypoxia had a protective effect against VP-16-induced cytotoxicity , which is likely to provide a further therapeutic knowledge in neuroblastomas .	
Here , we examined the effect of PEGylation of Adv on the production of anti-Adv antibodies and antitumor response .	
Hypoxia is widespread in solid tumors as a consequence of poorly structured tumor-derived neovasculature , which is recognized to play a role in the resistance of cancer cells to chemotherapy .	
Etoposide ( VP-16 ) , a drug commonly used in chemotherapy , leads to enhanced accumulation of cell populations in G2/M phase and increases levels of apoptosis as a topoisomerase II inhibitor .	
We evaluated the effects of hypoxia on the response of the neuroblastoma cell line CHP126 to VP-16 , in order to delineate the mechanisms responsible for the hypoxia-induced chemoresistance of this clinically conventional anti-cancer agent , with an insight to determining potential indications in neuroblastoma therapy .	
In this study , physiological hypoxia was shown to attenuate G2/M arrest and apoptosis induced in CHP126 cells by VP-16 .	
In vivo labelling with 4-(3-azidopropyl)cyclohexane-1,3-dione ( DAz-2 ) shows that Cys420 also forms a sulfenic acid modification in vivo when cells are exposed to oxygen .	
The activity of the primary 8-oxodG-repair protein OGG1 was measured by a DNA incision assay and the expression of OGG1 mRNA was measured by Real-Time PCR normalised to 18S rRNA .	
Fluorescence anisotropy-based DNA-binding analysis demonstrates that oxidized CrtJ exhibits increase in binding affinity over that of reduced CrtJ .	
CrtJ from Rhodobacter capsulatus is a regulator of genes involved in the biosynthesis of haem , bacteriochlorophyll , carotenoids as well as structural proteins of the light harvesting-II complex .	
These results provide the first example where sulfenic acid oxidation of a cysteine in a HTH-motif leads to differential effects on gene expression .	
The tissue level of 8-oxodG was measured by HPLC-ECD .	
These results suggest that systemic administration of PEG-Ad with an appropriate PEG modification rate has the potential to reduce the production of antibodies against Adv and increase the therapeutic response against metastatic cancer .	
However , only recently has significant knowledge been gained regarding crucial issues such as the glioma cell of origin and the relationship between the transforming stimulus and the cellular characteristics of the resulting tumor .	
Based on recent evidence , we propose that PDGF can bias cell-fate decisions , driving the acquisition of cell type-specific features by the progeny of multipotent neural progenitors , thus determining the shape and direction of the transformation path .	
Gliomas are aggressive and almost incurable glial brain tumors which frequently display abnormal platelet-derived growth factor ( PDGF ) signaling .	
Evidence gained from studies on several in vivo animal models has firmly established a causal connection between aberrant PDGF signaling and the formation of some gliomas .	
Furthermore , recent data about the cellular mechanisms of PDGF-driven glioma progression and maintenance indicate that PDGF may be required , unexpectedly , to override cell contact inhibition and promote glioma cell infiltration rather than to stimulate cell proliferation .	5	52
RESULTS EC treatment induced nuclear foci of gammaH2AX , conjugated ubiquitin , and Rad51 in a substantial amount of cases .	61	6
In contrast , BRCA1 foci were observed before treatment in the majority of the cases and only decreased after EC in thirteen cases .	
METHODS Core needle biopsy specimens were obtained from sixty cases of primary breast cancer before and 18-24 hours after the first cycle of neoadjuvant epirubicin plus cyclophosphamide ( EC ) treatment .	
Nuclear focus formation of DNA damage repair proteins was immunohistochemically analyzed and compared with tumor response to chemotherapy .	
Proteins required for this pathway can be detected as nuclear foci at sites of DNA damage when the pathway is intact .	
Here we investigate whether focus formation of repair proteins can predict chemosensitivity of breast cancer .	
INTRODUCTION Various agents used in breast cancer chemotherapy provoke DNA double-strand breaks ( DSBs ) .	
DSB repair competence determines the sensitivity of cells to these agents whereby aberrations in the repair machinery leads to apoptosis .	
ABSTRACT : INTRODUCTION : Retinoic acid signaling plays key roles in embryonic development and in maintaining the differentiated status of adult tissues .	
The presence of BRCA1- , gammaH2AX- , or Rad51-foci before treatment or the presence of Rad51-foci after treatment was inversely correlated with tumor response to chemotherapy .	
DNA damage response ( DDR ) competence was further evaluated by considering all four repair indicators together .	
The protective effect was lost when MDD was initiated at 10 weeks of age , indicating an important time dependency on cancer suppression .	
Concomitant with cancer protection , MDD restricted body weight gain .	
Therefore , a second study was conducted in which MDS was given ad libitum or pair-fed with MDD .	
Although small intestinal tumors were reduced 54% in pair-fed MDS mice , MDD caused a further reduction ( 96% ) .	
Despite recent population data , the influence of dietary folate supplementation on colon cancer risk remains controversial .	
This study examines the effects of folate deficiency , in combination with choline , methionine , and vitamin B12 depletion , on intestinal tumorigenesis in Apc(Min/+) mice .	
Methyl donor sufficient ( MDS ) and deficient ( MDD ) diets were started at five or 10 weeks of age and tumors evaluated at 16 weeks .	
MDD suppressed intestinal tumor formation in Apc(Min/+) mice ( when started at five weeks of age .	
Further , paradoxical changes in nucleic acid damage were observed in tissue- and chemistry-specific patterns .	
There are strong correlations among histopathology , phagocyte infiltration , and damage chemistry that suggest a major role for neutrophils in inflammation-associated cancer progression .	
In colon , although MDD did not affect tumor numbers , tumor size was reduced .	
Gene expression profiling of normal-appearing colonic mucosa after 11 weeks on MDD identified a total of 493 significantly downregulated genes relative to the MDS group .	
DNA damage was evaluated by two test systems : the comet assay , and the micronucleus frequency test .	
In vivo , DMP1 significantly reduced laser-induced choroidal neovascularization lesions and tumor-associated angiogenesis .	7	71
These data enable us to put DMP1 on the angiogenic chessboard for the first time and to identify this protein as a new specific inhibitor of VEGF-induced angiogenesis .	7	71
Although proangiogenic activities have been demonstrated for 2 SIBLINGs , the role of DMP1 in angiogenesis has not yet been addressed .	
We demonstrate that this extracellular matrix protein induced the expression of vascular endothelial cadherin ( VE-cadherin ) , a key regulator of intercellular junctions and contact inhibition of growth of endothelial cells that is also known to modulate vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 2 ( VEGFR-2 ) activity , the major high-affinity receptor for VEGF .	7	711	52	5	71
Dentin matrix protein 1 ( DMP1 ) is a member of the small integrin-binding ligand N-linked glycoprotein ( SIBLING ) family , a group of proteins initially described as mineralized extracellular matrices components .	
More recently , SIBLINGs have been implicated in several key steps of cancer progression , including angiogenesis .	
Indeed , after VE-cadherin induction , DMP1 inhibited VEGFR-2 phosphorylation and Src-mediated signaling .	
However , DMP1 did not interfere with basic fibroblast growth factor-induced angiogenesis .	7	71
DMP1 induced VE-cadherin and p27(Kip1) expression followed by cell-cycle arrest in human umbilical vein endothelial cells ( HUVECs ) in a CD44-dependent manner .	
VEGF-induced proliferation , migration , and tubulogenesis responses were specifically blocked on DMP1 pretreatment of HUVECs .	
The results showed that aldosterone concentrations starting from 10 nM ( 360 ng/dL ) caused a significant increase of DNA damage monitored with the comet assay in LLC-PK1 , while there was no change in cell vitality and proliferation .	612	61	6
We now report that aberrant expression of Cdk1 interferes with apoptosis and promotes the formation of polyploid senescent cells during TCS .	8	81	42	4
EGFR expression was associated with clinical and pathological features .	
The Cdk1 pathway is in part modulated differentially by p21 and p27 two members of the KIP cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor family during TCS .	
These polyploid senescent cells represent important transition states through which escape preferentially occurs .	42	4
Unfortunately , TCS is reversible for a subset of senescent cells , leading to cellular reproliferation and ultimately tumor progression .	
Therapy-induced cellular senescence ( TCS ) , characterized by prolonged cell cycle arrest , is an in vivo response of human cancers to chemotherapy and radiation .	
We report the findings of a clinicopathological study in patients with locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer demonstrating that marker of in vivo TCS following neoadjuvant therapy prognosticate adverse clinical outcome .	
RESULTS EGFR was positive in 62.5% of the leukoplakias and 50% of normal oral epithelium .	9	93
CRPC remains dependent on androgen receptor ( AR ) signaling , which may include constitutive , ligand-independent action of naturally occurring AR splice variants .	
The number of EGFR positive OL located in high-risk sites was significantly higher than EGFR positive OL located in low-risk sites .	9	93
In this review , we discuss the current knowledge of HCC , focusing mainly on advances that have occurred during the past 5years and on the development of novel therapeutics for liver cancer .	
Intense research in this multitude of areas has led to significant progress in our understanding of cellular processes and molecular mechanisms that occur during multistage events that lead to hepatocarcinogenesis .	
The emergence of microRNAs and molecular-targeted therapies adds a new dimension in our efforts to combat this deadly disease .	
A number of cellular phenomena , such as tumor microenvironment , inflammation , oxidative stress , and hypoxia act in concert with various molecular events to facilitate tumor initiation , progression , and metastasis .	
It is a multifactorial disease caused by a variety of risk factors and often develops in the background of underlying cirrhosis .	
Hepatocellular carcinoma ( HCC ) is the most common primary malignant tumor that accounts for of all liver cancer cases worldwide .	
BACKGROUND Although basal cell carcinoma ( BCC ) is the most common type of skin cancer , the incidence of metastasis is exceedingly low .	
OBJECTIVE Case presentation of a basal cell carcinoma arising on the dorsum of the foot with inguinal and pelvic lymph node metastases .	
METHOD Case presentation with literature review .	
RESULT On the basis of our review of Japanese literature , the risk factors for BCC metastasis are occurrence on the genitalia , diameter of more than 3 cm , deep invasion of tumor cells into extradermal structures , and infiltrative/morpheic histological type .	1
Although contact inhibition is a fundamental process for multicellular organisms , how proliferation is inhibited at high cellular densities remains poorly characterized .	
Here we show that 4E-BP1 , one major repressor of cap-dependent translation , plays a critical role in density-mediated cell cycle arrest. 4E-BP1 promoter is activated and 4E-BP1 protein amount increases as cells reach confluence .	
Conversely , a much less marked density-dependent inhibition of cell proliferation is observed upon 4E-BP1 silencing .	
We further show that at high density , progression through the G₁ phase of the cell cycle is faster and Cyclin D1 protein is induced in different cell types where 4E-BP1 has been either downregulated ( stable shRNA expression or transient siRNA transfection ) or removed ( knock-out ) .	91	9
Thus 4E-BP1 appears as an important mediator of contact inhibition .	5	52
Careful follow-up is recommended in cases with high risk factors .	
Attenuated cells expressed lower levels of CHK1 ( also known as CHEK1 ) and p53 .	511	5	51
We propose that AC inhibition will be effective in concert with other anticancer therapies .	
These studies suggest that the interaction of pre-malignant NIH-3T3 cells with extracellular matrix components may contribute to the process of tumor progression .	
Our finding of naturally occurring VHL V155E mutation in patients with VHL syndrome supports the functional importance of Val-155 residue in VHL protein and illustrates the diversity of VHL gene defects underlying VHL syndrome .	63	6
Previous biochemical studies demonstrated that residue Val-155 was critical for VHL protein binding to chaperonin TRiC/CCT , an essential step for proper VHL protein folding .	
The mutation is predicted to cause Val to Glu substitution at VHL protein residue 155 in a conserved region .	
This mutation was not reported previously and was absent in the unaffected family members .	
Here we report a c.464T>A mutation of the VHL gene in three patients with hemangioblastoma from a Chinese family .	63	6
Mutations in the VHL gene cause VHL syndrome , which is characterized by highly vascularized tumors .	
Von Hippel-Lindau ( VHL ) is a tumor suppressor that negatively regulates the production of angiogenic factors .	
NIH-3T3 cells are non-tumorigenic when injected into athymic mice .	
If these cells are mixed with an extract of basement-membrane proteins ( matrigel ) and injected s.c. , they form locally invasive and highly vascularized tumors .	11	1	7
Cells cultured from the NIH-3T3-matrigel-induced tumors showed a transformed phenotype and lacked contact inhibition .	5	52
When cultured in a gel of matrigel , they proliferated and formed branched and invasive colonies .	11	1
In contrast , the parental NIH-3T3 cells cultured on matrigel remained as cell aggregates and were not invasive .	11	1
I.V. injections of the tumor-derived NIH-3T3 cells produced many colonies on the surface of the lungs , whereas the parental NIH-3T3 cells were not metastatic .	1	12
Zymographic analysis of the conditioned media obtained from both the tumor-derived and parental NIH-3T3 cells demonstrated higher amounts of the 72-kDa gelatinase ( type-IV collagenase ) enzyme in the tumor-derived cells .	
Also , tumor-derived NIH-3T3 cells , but not parental NIH-3T3 cells , secreted the 92-kDa type-IV collagenase .	
These data may explain why newly diagnosed patients whose MMC express high levels of CCR2 present numerous bone lesions .	
Hepatocellular carcinoma ( HCC ) is the most prevalent liver tumor and a deadly disease with limited therapeutic options .	
Specific a proliferation-inducing ligand or IL-6 inhibitors partially blocked osteoclast-induced MMC survival .	
Exposure of cells to UV light from the sun causes the formation of pyrimidine dimers in DNA that have the potential to lead to mutation and cancer .	
In humans , pyrimidine dimers are removed from the genome in the form of nt-long oligomers by concerted dual incisions .	
Though nearly 50 y of excision repair research has uncovered many details of UV photoproduct damage recognition and removal , the fate of the excised oligonucleotides and , in particular , the ultimate fate of the chemically very stable pyrimidine dimers remain unknown .	
Physiologically relevant UV doses introduce hundreds of thousands of pyrimidine dimers in diploid human cells , which are excised from the genome within h .	
Once removed from the genome , " where do all the dimers go? "	
In a recent study we addressed this question .	
Although our study did not determine the fate of the dimer itself , it revealed that the excised is released from the duplex in a tight complex with the transcription/repair factor TFIIH .	
This finding combined with recent reports that base and oligonucleotide products of the base and double-strand break repair pathways also make stable complexes with the cognate repair enzymes , and that these complexes activate the MAP kinase and checkpoint signaling pathways , respectively , raises the possibility that TFIIH-30-mer excision complexes may play a role in signaling reactions in response to UV damage .	
Comparison of a preimmortal transformant ( SVtsA/HF-A ) with its uncloned and cloned immortalized derivatives ( AR5 and HAL ) has failed to reveal any major alteration involving the simian virus 40 genome .	
Karyotypic analysis , however , demonstrated that all of the immortal cell lines in this series have alterations of chromosome 6 involving loss of the portion distal to 6q21 .	4	41
Human diploid fibroblasts have a limited life span in vitro , and spontaneous immortalization is an extremely rare event .	
We have used transformation of human diploid fibroblasts by an origin-defective simian virus 40 genome to develop series of genetically matched immortal cell lines to analyze immortalization .	
Polymerase chain reaction analysis of the microsatellite polymorphism at 6q22 ( D6S87 ) showed loss of heterozygosity .	
In addition , elevated expression of c-myb ( 6q22-23 ) was observed .	
The karyotypic analysis was corroborated by DNA analyses .	
Southern analysis demonstrated that only one copy of three proto-oncogene loci ( ros1 , c-myb , and mas1 ) on 6q was retained in immortal cells .	4	41
We hypothesize that the region at and/or distal to 6q21 plays a role in immortalization , consistent with the presence of a growth suppressor gene .	4	41
Thus , PROKR2 L173R represents a founder mutation whose age is estimated at approximately 9000 years .	
Thirteen subjects were informative and in all of them the mutation was present on the same kb haplotype whose population frequency is \u226410% .	
The paradoxical identification of an ancient founder mutation that impairs reproduction has intriguing implications for the inheritance mechanisms of PROKR2 L173R-associated GnRH deficiency and for the relevant processes of evolutionary selection , including potential selective advantages of mutation carriers in genes affecting reproduction .	
Inheritance of PROKR2 L173R-associated GnRH deficiency was complex with highly variable penetrance among carriers , influenced by additional mutations in the other PROKR2 allele ( recessive inheritance ) or another gene ( digenicity ) .	
Although the disease exhibits marked locus and allelic heterogeneity , with the causal mutations being both rare and private , one causal mutation in the prokineticin receptor , PROKR2 L173R , appears unusually prevalent among GnRH-deficient patients of diverse geographic and ethnic origins .	
Congenital gonadotropin-releasing hormone ( GnRH ) deficiency manifests as absent or incomplete sexual maturation and infertility .	
The mutation's age was estimated using a haplotype-decay model .	
To track the genetic ancestry of PROKR2 L173R , haplotype mapping was performed in 22 unrelated patients with GnRH deficiency carrying L173R and their 30 first-degree relatives .	
CONCLUSION Activated ERK1/2 was associated with higher TNM stage and lymph node metastasis in IBDC .	1	12
Inhibition of ERK1/2 using U0126 or siRNA abolished EGF and/or IL-1β-induced cell migration and invasion in a dose-dependent manner .	11	1
Growth and inflammatory factors synergistically induced IBDC cell migration and invasion via ERK1/2 signaling , AP-1 activation and MMP-9 upregulation .	11	1	a2	a
Both in vitro and in vivo studies indicated that ERK-1/2 activation may increase the metastatic ability of IBDC cells .	1	12
Hesperetin , a flavonoid from citrus fruits , has several bioactivities such as anti-inflammatory , antihypertensive , antiatherogenic effects .	
Betaine inhibited invitro angiogenic cascade , tube formation , migration and invasion of human umbilical vein endothelial cells ( HUVECs ) .	11	1	7	71
Mutational analysis of Nf2 in flies has led to the identification of a dominant-negative allele , which harbors mutations in the amino terminus of the protein .	
Here , we report that expression of a murine analog of this amino-terminal mutant of Nf2 leads to complete transformation of NIH3T3 fibroblasts in culture .	63	6
Cells that express this Nf2 mutant allele display disruptions of the actin cytoskeleton , lack of contact inhibition of growth , and anchorage-independent growth .	6	63	5	52
Finally , fibroblasts that express this mutant Nf2 allele form tumors when injected into nude mice .	
Mutations in the Nf2 tumor suppressor gene lead to tumor formation in humans and mice and cellular overproliferation phenotypes in Drosophila .	
The Nf2 encoded protein , merlin , shares close sequence similarity in its amino terminus to members of the band 4.1 family of membrane-cytoskeletal linkers .	
Similarities between merlin and this family suggest a role for merlin in regulating cytoskeletal function .	
However , the mechanism of the tumor suppressing activity of merlin is not yet understood .	
Both of them were heterozygotes for the exon 8 G to A polymorphism as well .	
Instead , we found a C to T transition causing an arg to cys amino acid change within the same codon in one Polish breast cancer patient and her daughter .	63	6
The reported G to A polymorphism in exon 1 was not found in the 423 analyzed samples .	
We studied the influence of these three polymorphisms on breast cancer risk in three different populations : Polish familial breast cancer cases , 27% of them carrying a BRCA1/BRCA2 mutation , Nordic familial and sporadic breast cancer cases .	
Three coding-region polymorphisms , which lead to an amino acid change , have been reported .	
It can also inhibit the estradiol-induced proliferation of breast cancer cells through its membrane receptor .	
Sex hormone-binding globulin ( SHBG ) binds and transports sex steroids in the blood , regulating their bioavailable fraction and access to target cells .	
Ovarian steroids are one of the strongest risk factors for breast cancer .	
M1dG DNA adducts were induced by SWCNTs but decreased after a 3-day exposure to MWCNTs and ( in MeT-5A cells ) SWCNTs , indicating that CNTs may lead to alterations in oxidative effects within the cells .	
Neither of the CNTs was able to produce chromosomal damage ( MN ) .	
Analysis of the tumor samples showed that they had lost the wild-type allele both at exons 1 and 8 of the SHBG gene .	
They were diagnosed for bilateral breast cancer and carried a BRCA1 mutation ( 5382insC ) .	63	6
However , the relationship between EMT and resistance to an epidermal growth factor receptor ( EGFR ) -targeting drug in head and neck squamous cell carcinoma ( HNSCC ) remains unknown .	
BACKGROUND Epithelial mesenchymal transition ( EMT ) is known to be associated with chemoresistance as well as increased invasion/metastasis .	
METHODS We isolated fibroblastoid variant ( 81B-Fb ) from gefitinib-resistant UMSCC81B-GR3 cells obtained after increasing the doses of gefitinib treatment in vitro and examined EMT and its underlying mechanism .	
In this study , we investigated the acquisition of EMT by gefitinib in HNSCC cell line ( UMSCC81B ) .	
In 81B-Fb cells , downregulation of EGFR , which is mediated by increased ubiquitination , and activation of downstream protein kinase B ( Akt ) , glycogen synthase kinase-beta ( GSK-3β ) signalling and upregulation of snail expression were observed compared with UMSCC81B cells .	921	93	9	92
RESULT 81B-Fb cells exhibited fibroblast-like morphology , increased motility , loss of E-cadherin , acquisition of vimentin and snail expression .	
Furthermore , forced expression of EGFR resulted in partial restoration of gefitinib sensitivity and reversal of EMT .	11	93	1	9
LY294002 , but not U0126 , suppressed foetal bovine serum or heregulin-β1-induced phosphorylation of Akt/GSK-3β and snail expression together with the inhibition of 81B-Fb cell motility .	
This study was to investigate the role of MGMT expression in OSCCs and the normal oral tissues .	
CONCLUSION These results suggest that EMT in the gefitinib-resistant cells is mediated by the downregulation of EGFR and compensatory activation of Akt/GSK-3β/snail pathway .	11	1	9	921	93	92
BACKGROUND O(6) -methylguanine-DNA methyltransferase ( MGMT ) is a DNA repair enzyme that can protect cells from carcinogenic effects of alkylating agents by removing adducts from the O(6) position of guanine .	
Evidences indicated that areca quid chewing may increase the risk of oral squamous cell carcinoma ( OSCC ) .	
RESULTS Significant association was observed between low MGMT expression and advanced clinical stage of OSCCs and lymph node metastasis ( P=0.03 ) .	1	62	12	6
MGMT expression was significantly higher in patients only chewing areca quid than patients both chewing areca quid and smoking ( P=0.028 ) .	
Primary human oral keratinocytes ( HOKs ) were challenged with arecoline , the major alkaloid of areca nut , by Western blot .	
Nicotine , an important component of cigarette smoke , was added to find the possible regulatory mechanisms .	
We conclude that genistein affected the expression of a large number of genes that are related to the control of cell survival and physiologic behaviors .	
The gene expression profiles provide comprehensive molecular mechanism(s) by which genistein exerts its pleiotropic effects on cancer cells .	
Our previous studies have shown that genistein inhibits the growth of PC3 prostate cancer cells and induces apoptosis by inhibiting nuclear factor kappaB ( NF-kappaB ) and Akt signaling pathways .	
To better understand the precise molecular mechanism(s) by which genistein exerts its effects on PC3 cells , we utilized cDNA microarray to interrogate 12,558 known genes to determine the gene expression profiles altered by genistein treatment .	
We found a total of 832 genes that showed a greater than twofold change after genistein treatment from two independent experiments with a high degree of concordance .	
Among these genes , 774 genes were down-regulated and 58 genes were up-regulated with genistein treatment .	
Cluster analysis showed nine different types of expression alternations .	
These genes were also subjected to cluster analysis according to their biological functions .	
We found that genistein regulated the expression of genes that are critically involved in the regulation of cell growth , cell cycle , apoptosis , cell signaling transduction , angiogenesis , tumor cell invasion and metastasis .	1	81	7	8
Reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction ( RT-PCR ) analysis was used to confirm the results of cDNA microarray , and the results of RT-PCR were consistent with the microarray data .	
The immunohistochemical and immunofluorescence data have revealed that the expression levels of EGFR , Ser(473)-pAkt , NF-κB p65 and MIC-1 proteins were significantly enhanced in the same subset of 76 cases of prostatic adenocarcinoma specimens during the disease progression and these biomarkers were expressed in a small subpopulation of CD133(+) PC cells and the bulk tumor mass of CD133(-) PC cells .	
Importantly , all of these biomarkers were also overexpressed in 80-100% of 30 PC metastasis bone tissue specimens .	1	12
The progression of prostate cancers ( PCs ) to locally invasive , androgen-independent and metastatic disease states is generally associated with treatment resistance and disease relapse .	
The present study was undertaken to establish the possibility of using a combination of specific oncogenic products , including epidermal growth factor receptor ( EGFR ) , pAkt , nuclear factor-kappaB ( NF-κB ) and macrophage inhibitory cytokine-1 ( MIC-1 ) as biomarkers and therapeutic targets for optimizing the management of patients with localized PC at earlier disease stages .	
Also , the targeting of these oncogenic products induced the caspase-dependent apoptosis in chemoresistant SP WPE1-NB26 cells and enhanced their sensibility to the cytotoxic effects induced by docetaxel .	8	81
These findings suggest that the combined use of EGFR , pAkt , NF-κB and/or MIC-1 may represent promising strategies for improving the accuracy of current diagnostic and prognostic methods and efficacy of treatments of PC patients in considering the disease heterogeneity , thereby preventing PC progression to metastatic and lethal disease states .	
Moreover , the results have indicated that the EGF-EGFR signaling pathway can provide critical functions for the self-renewal of side population ( SP ) cells endowed with stem cell-like features from highly invasive WPE1-NB26 cells .	921	93	9	92
Of therapeutic interest , the targeting of EGFR , pAkt , NF-κB or MIC-1 was also effective at suppressing the basal and EGF-promoted prostasphere formation by SP WPE1-NB26 cells , inducing disintegration of SP cell-derived prostaspheres and decreasing the viability of SP and non-SP WPE1-NB26 cell fractions .	
The present study showed that CCL18 from tumor-associated macrophages could promote breast cancer metastasis via PITPNM3 .	1	12
In an experimental model in BALB/c mice we demonstrated that yoghurt added to the diet for 10 consecutive days , with the procedure repeated each 10 days for 6 months , inhibited the development of a colorectal carcinoma induced by 1,2 dimethylhydrazine ( DMH ) .	
The beneficial effect of yoghurt consumption on health and on the improvement of the mucosal immune system is well established , as is the diet-associated risk of colon cancer .	
We determined B lymphocytes IgA(+) and IgG(+) , as well as CD4(+) and CD8(+) T cells in the large intestine .	
The immunoregulatory mechanisms involved in the inhibition of tumour growth by yoghurt were also examined in these studies .	
An increase in the number of IgA(+) ( P<0.01 ) was observed , but not in IgG(+) ( P<0.01 ) , or in the CD4(+) population ( P<0.01 ) in the mice treated with DMH and yoghurt .	a1	a
We measured cellular apoptosis and the cytokines TNF-alpha , IFN-gamma and IL-10 .	
Yoghurt increased the number of apoptotic cells and induced IFN-gamma and TNF-alpha cytokine release , their production being regulated by an increase in IL-10 ( P<0.001 ) .	8	81
While in the group with the carcinogen there was an enhancement in the IgG(+) B cells ( P<0.01 ) and CD8(+) T cells ( P<0.01 ) .	a1	a
We have recently proposed a new model of cancer metabolism to explain the role of aerobic glycolysis and L-lactate production in fueling tumor growth and metastasis .	
We demonstrated that yoghurt may exert antitumour activity by a decrease in the inflammatory immune response mediated by IgA(+) increase , apoptosis induction and IL-10 release .	a1	81	a	8
This , in turn , drives L-lactate secretion from cancer-associated fibroblasts .	
Secreted L-lactate then fuels oxidative mitochondrial metabolism ( OXPHOS ) in epithelial cancer cells , by acting as a paracrine onco-metabolite .	
We have previously termed this type of two-compartment tumor metabolism the " Reverse Warburg Effect, " as aerobic glycolysis takes place in stromal fibroblasts , rather than epithelial cancer cells .	
Here , we used MCT4 immuno-staining of human breast cancer tissue microarrays ( TMAs ; > 180 triple-negative patients ) to directly assess the prognostic value of the " Reverse Warburg Effect. "	
MCT4 expression is a functional marker of hypoxia , oxidative stress , aerobic glycolysis , and L-lactate efflux .	
Remarkably , high stromal MCT4 levels ( score = 2 ) were specifically associated with decreased overall survival ( < 18% survival at 10 y post-diagnosis ) .	
Therefore , we hypothesized that the over-expression of miR-126 may prolong MSC survival and enhance the cell secretome , thereby improving post-infarction angiogenesis and cardiac function .	
In this study , MSCs harvested from male C57BL/6 mouse bone marrow were infected in vitro with miR-126 ( MSC(miR-126) ) by using recombinant lentiviral vectors ; the control cells were either non-transfected or transduced with mock vectors ( MSC(null) ) .	
Diminished Vav3-Cdc37 interaction also caused decreased prostate cancer cell proliferation selectively in Vav3 expressing cells .	
Taken together , we identified a novel Vav3 interacting protein that enhances Vav3 coactivation of AR and prostate cancer cell proliferation .	
Vav3-Cdc37 interaction may provide a new therapeutic target in prostate cancer .	
The vacuolar H+-ATPase ( V-ATPase ) , a multisubunit proton pump , has come into focus as an attractive target in cancer invasion .	
The extent of chromatid separation and of chromatin decondensation at subtelomeric chromatin segments varies between chromosome arms .	
The ( sub)telomeres are frequently associated with each other and with the nucleolus and less often with centromeres .	
Centromeres , preferentially located at the nuclear periphery , may show ring- or half-moon like shapes in 2C and 4C nuclei .	
Whereas CTs occupy a distinct and defined volume of the nucleus and do not obviously intermingle with each other in 2-64C nuclei , sister chromatin segments within these CTs become more non-cohesive with increasing endopolyploidy .	
To analyse the distribution and interaction of whole CTs , centromeres , ( sub)telomeres and interstitial chromatin segments in endopolyploid nuclei , specific FISH probes from Arabidopsis thaliana were applied to 2-64C differentiated leaf nuclei .	
The spatial chromatin organisation and molecular interactions within and between chromatin domains and chromosome territories ( CTs ) are essential for fundamental processes such as replication , transcription and DNA repair via homologous recombination .	
Due to sister chromatid separation in highly endopolyploid nuclei , the centromeric histone variant CENH3 , the 180-bp centromeric repeats and pericentromeric heterochromatin form distinct subdomains at adjacent but not intermingling positions .	
The higher the polyploidy level gets , the more separate chromatids are present .	
From 16C nuclei on , they become progressively separated .	
Sister centromeres tend to associate up to the 8C level .	
Knocking out APN2 increased mutagenesis in the apn1 cells .	63	6
In addition , we did not find a strand bias on p53 treated with BPQ in ogg1 yeast .	
These studies suggest that Ogg1 is involved in repairing the oxidative damage caused by BPQ , Apn1 and Apn2 have redundant functions and that the stand bias seen in lung cancer may not be due to impaired repair of oxidative lesions .	62	6
This was further confirmed by Western blot analysis revealing that expressions of G(1)-specific cell cycle regulators ( CDK2 , CDK4 , cyclin E and p27/Kip1 ) were distinctly modulated with such IFN-α(2b)/GSP treatment .	
Therefore , these findings support the notion that combination of IFN-α(2b) and GSP is capable of additively enhancing antiproliferative effect on T24 cells with a G(1) cell cycle arrest , implying an adjuvant therapeutic modality for superficial bladder cancer .	
Conclusions .	
We thus investigated whether combination of IFN and GSP might enhance the overall antiproliferative effect on bladder cancer cells in vitro .	
Human bladder cancer T24 cells were employed and treated with the varying concentrations of recombinant IFN-α(2b) ( 0-100,000 IU/ml ) , GSP ( 0-100 μg/ml ) , or their combinations .	
Although interferon ( IFN ) has been often used as immunotherapy for bladder cancer , its efficacy is rather unsatisfactory , demanding further improvement .	
Combination therapy is one of viable options , and grape seed proanthocyanidin ( GSP ) could be such an agent to be used with IFN because it has been shown to have anticancer activity .	
When IFN-α(2b) and GSP were then combined , combination of 50K IU/ml IFN-α(2b) and 25 μg/ml GSP resulted in a drastic >95% growth reduction .	
Cell cycle analysis indicated that such an enhanced growth inhibition was accompanied by a G(1) cell cycle arrest .	
IFN-α(2b) alone led to a growth reduction at 20,000 ( 20K ) IU/ml , which further declined to at ≥50K IU/ml .	
Similarly , GSP alone induced a and growth reduction at 25 and ≥50 μg/ml , respectively .	
Integration of the full length of HTLV-I genome was detected in every transformant by Southern blot analysis .	
All cell lines established were CD4+/CD8 divided by T-lymphocytes , except for one cell line of CD4+/CD8+ .	2	21
Morphologically intact HTLV-I production was observed by electron microscopy in these cells .	
Our results indicate that HTLV-I released under the strongly suppressed condition in the presence of IFNs remains active and able to immortalize T lymphocytes .	4	41
The effects of human interferon ( IFN)-alpha , -beta , and -gamma on the immortalization of human and rabbit lymphocytes by human T-lymphotropic virus type-I ( HTLV-I ) have been investigated .	
The immortalization of human peripheral-blood lymphocytes co-cultured with lethally X-ray-irradiated HTLV-I-producer cells , MT-2 , was blocked in the presence of more than 40 u/ml human recombinant IFN-alpha or more than 200 u/ml human natural type IFN-beta .	4	41
However , rhIFN-gamma did not block immortalization by HTLV-I even at higher doses .	
On the other hand , the presence of high doses of hIFN-alpha , -beta , or -gamma did not exhibit any biological effect on the immortalization of rabbit peripheral-blood lymphocytes co-cultured with lethally X-ray-irradiated MT-2 cells .	4	41
It is also suggested that immortalization of human T lymphocytes by HTLV-I can be inhibited by the antiviral state induced by the treatment with low doses of hIFN-alpha and -beta , whereas immortalization of rabbit T lymphocytes is not inhibited because of the species specificity of hIFNs .	4	41
Furthermore , these data are supported by in vitro cell invasion and differentiation assays .	11	1
In addition , the expression of either isoform complements the chromosome condensation defect found in genetically MCPH1-deficient or MCPH1 siRNA-depleted cells , demonstrating a redundancy of both MCPH1 isoforms for the regulation of chromosome condensation .	
Strikingly however , both transcripts are regulated antagonistically during cell-cycle progression and there are functional differences between the isoforms with regard to the DNA damage response ; MCPH1-FL localizes to phosphorylated H2AX repair foci following ionizing irradiation , while MCPH1\u0394e9-14 was evenly distributed in the nucleus .	61	612	9	6	91
22Rv1 is a common prostate cancer cell line used in xenograft mouse experiments as well as in vitro cell culture assays to study aspects of prostate cancer tumorigenesis .	
Curcumin , a well-known chemopreventive agent from turmeric , inhibits the expression of several oncogenes and cell proliferation genes in tumor cells .	
However , the order of activity of adducts with varying halogen anions is 3a > 2a in the Sonogashira reaction .	
RESULTS A remarkable heterogeneity between these studies was observed .	
The use of these palladacycles as catalysts for the Suzuki and Sonogashira reactions was examined .	
The complexes 2a,b exhibited higher catalytic activity than the corresponding 3a,b in the Suzuki reaction .	
These complexes were characterized by elemental analysis , IR and 1H-NMR .	
Additionally , their crystal structures have been determined by X-ray diffraction and intermolecular C-H···X ( Cl , Br , I ) bonds were found in the crystals .	
A new triphenylphosphine adduct of cyclopalladated ferrocenylpyridazine containing a chloride anion , 2a , has been synthesized from the reaction of the chloride-bridged palladacyclic dimer 1a with triphenylphosphine .	
The corresponding adducts 3a,b containing iodide anion have been readily prepared through anion exchange reactions of 2a,b with NaI in acetone .	
CONCLUSIONS The 235delC mutation of GJB2 gene increased the risk of NHSL in the East Asian and South-east Asian populations , but non-significantly associated with the NSHL susceptibility in Oceania and European populations , suggesting a significant ethnic specificity of this NSHL-associated mutation .	
Candida albicans infections are very frequent in cancer patients , whose immune system is often compromised , but whether this fungal pathogen affects cancer progression is unknown .	
Cell morphology of cultures exposed to IST-FS 29 was assessed by inverted light microscopy after 24 and 72 h and was more consistent with cell death by necrosis which included cell size reduction , vacuolation of cytoplasm , round dying cells .	83	8
The present results and our previous data , in vitro and in vivo , indicate the relevant cytotoxic activity of this organo-tin compound and suggest that IST-FS 29 might be a promising novel agent to be developed for the treatment of malignant brain neoplasms .	
Moreover , erlotinib inhibited EGF-induced receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa-B expression in an osteoblastic cell line ( MC3T3-E1 cells ) .	9	93
An immunohistochemical analysis revealed that , erlotinib significantly suppressed the number of osteoclasts in bone metastases , whereas no difference was seen in microvessel density .	1	12	7	71
On the other hand , some lung cancer patients with wild type EGFR also respond to EGFR-TKIs , suggesting that EGFR-TKIs have an effect on host cells as well as tumor cells .	
Epidermal growth factor receptor-tyrosine kinase inhibitors ( EGFR-TKIs ) show dramatic antitumor activity in a subset of patients with non-small cell lung cancer who have an active mutation in the epidermal growth factor receptor ( EGFR ) gene .	
A multiple organ metastasis model was previously established in natural killer cell-depleted severe combined immunodeficient mice using human lung cancer cells .	
However , the effect of EGFR-TKIs on host microenvironments is largely unknown .	
Malignant gliomas are the most common primary brain tumors in humans .	
However , poor response to conventional therapeutic approaches , including chemotherapy , leads invariably to disease recurrence and progression .	
The organo-tin derivative triethyltin(IV)lupinylsulfide hydrochloride ( IST-FS 29 ) was identified and developed as potential antiproliferative agent in human cancer cell lines .	
However , for its peculiar chemical structure and good lipophilicity , this compound also appeared an eligible candidate for the treatment of gliobastoma cells .	
The present experiments were designed to explore the in vitro effects of IST-FS 29 on four human glioblastoma cell lines : A-172 , DBTRG.05MG , U-87MG and CAS-1 .	
The average IC50 values were obtained by MTT assay and ranged between 3 and 10 microM .	
Time-course assays with cell recovery after drug withdrawal , demonstrated marked cytotoxicity following exposure to IST-FS 29 for 8 , 24 and 72 h .	
Cultures treated for 8 h were able to partially re-grow by 144 h ; on the contrary , longer times of exposure did not allow surviving cells to recover from the damage and actively proliferate .	
Stannous chloride ( SnCl(2) ) and UVA induce DNA lesions through ROS .	
The aim of this work was to study the toxicity induced by UVA preillumination , followed by SnCl(2) treatment .	
She is alive without any additional findings 12 months after surgery .	
Because activated stroma can substitute for E(2) and fosters hormone-independent growth of ER-positive tumors , we suggest that breast cancers exhibiting intrinsic hormone resistance may respond to antiangiogenic therapies .	
We conclude that , in addition to angiogenesis , VEGF released by activated stroma increases the growth of ER-positive malignant epithelial cells and of adjacent normal epithelium .	
Conversely , recombinant VEGF stimulates the proliferation of MCF-7 , but not MDA-MB-231 , organoids .	
The growth of MCF-7 organoids induced by BJ3Z can be inhibited by antagonists of VEGF and SDF-1 .	
The metastasis-associated lung adenocarcinoma transcript 1 , MALAT1 , is a long non-coding RNA ( lncRNA ) that has been discovered as a marker for lung cancer metastasis .	
The correlation between TfR1/ferritin expression in tumor tissue and ICF or survival was not observed .	
Therefore , we conclude that elevated serum ferritin in sera of NSCLC patients is the result of inflammation and oxidative stress rather than body iron overload .	a21	a2	a
Tumor tissue ferritin expression showed negative correlation with serum iron and hematokrit ( Ht ) , and positive correlation with ferritin , erythrocyte sedimentation rate ( ESR ) , alpha-1 globulin , and alpha-2 globulin .	
Positive correlation was found between TfR1 expression in tumor tissue and alpha-globulin .	
When applied to 33 additional VUS , the classifier identified eight with 99% or more probability of nonpathogenicity and 18 with 99% or more probability of pathogenicity .	
Higher expression of ferritin in tumor tissue may be the consequence of iron deficiency or local toxicity induced by environmental factors .	
The nuclei were generally round to oval with ' salt-and-pepper ' nuclear chromatin distribution .	
A statistical classifier for predicting the probability of pathogenicity of BRCA2 DBD variants was developed using these functional results .	
As such , we provide an in vivo model of DNA damage repair that is standardized , can be exploited to understand allele-specific regulation in intact tissue , and is pharmacologically tractable .	62	6
Liquid chromatography electrospray tandem ionization mass spectrometric analysis using DAz-2 , a sulfenic acid ( -SOH)-specific probe , demonstrates that exposure of CrtJ to oxygen or to hydrogen peroxide leads to significant accumulation of a sulfenic acid derivative of Cys420 which is located in the helix-turn-helix ( HTH ) motif .	
Here , we show that inactivation of DNA damage repair pathways signals CS-mediated apoptosis in crypt SCCs , presumably via persistent unrepaired DNA double-strand breaks ( DSBs ) .	612	62	61	6
Genetic loss of function of sensors and transducers of DNA DSB repair confers the CS-mediated lethal pathway in intestines of sv129/B6Mre11(ATLD1/ATLD1) and C57BL/6(Prkdc/SCID) ( severe combined immunodeficient ) mice exposed to low-dose radiation .	612	62	61	6
In contrast , CS-mediated SCC lethality was mitigated in irradiated gain-of-function Rad50(s/s) mice , and epistasis studies order Rad50 upstream of Mre11 .	
These studies suggest unrepaired DNA DSBs as causative in target reordering in intestinal SCCs .	612	61	6
Acute endothelial cell apoptosis and microvascular compromise couple gastrointestinal tract irradiation to reproductive death of intestinal crypt stem cell clonogens ( SCCs ) following high-dose radiation .	
Genetic or pharmacologic inhibition of endothelial apoptosis prevents intestinal damage , but as the radiation dose is escalated , SCCs become directly susceptible to an alternate cell death mechanism , mediated via ceramide synthase ( CS)-stimulated de novo synthesis of the proapoptotic sphingolipid ceramide , and p53-independent apoptosis of crypt SCCs .	
We previously reported that ataxia-telangiectasia mutated deficiency resets the primary radiation lethal pathway , allowing CS-mediated apoptosis at the low-dose range of radiation .	
Next , we evaluated the use of a homology-directed DNA break repair ( HDR ) functional assay as a method for inferring the clinical relevance of VUS in the DBD of BRCA2 using 18 established nonpathogenic missense variants and all 13 established pathogenic missense mutations from the BRCA2 DBD .	
In this study , we have discovered that high levels of BMI-1 confer resistance to contact inhibition in ESFT cells .	
Using stable retroviral transduction , we evaluated the consequences of BMI-1 knockdown on the growth of CDKN2A wild-type and mutant ESFT cells in subconfluent and confluent conditions .	
The polycomb group family protein BMI-1 is overexpressed by and functions as an oncogene in many different human cancers .	
We have previously shown that BMI-1 promotes the tumorigenicity of Ewing sarcoma family tumors ( ESFTs ) and that this is mediated independently of CDKN2A repression .	
Significantly , we found that YAP levels , activity and expression did not diminish in confluent ESFT cells that expressed high levels of BMI-1 .	
In contrast , YAP expression and nuclear localization were reduced in confluent BMI-1 knockdown cells suggesting that silencing of BMI-1 restored contact inhibition by restoring normal activation of the Hippo-YAP growth-suppressor pathway .	5	52
Although knockdown of BMI-1 had no effect on proliferation in low-density cultures , at high cell densities it resulted in cell cycle arrest and death .	
The normal cell contact inhibition response is mediated , in large part , by the recently described Hippo pathway which functions to inhibit cell proliferation and promote cell death by inactivating the Yes-Associated Protein ( YAP ) .	
Tumor development was measured with a sliding calliper and monitored via [ 18F]-FDG-PET .	
Residual tumors after therapy were examined histopathologically .	
Importantly , knockdown of YAP in ESFT cells resulted in profound inhibition of cell proliferation and anchorage-independent colony formation suggesting that stabilization and continued expression of YAP is critical for ESFT growth and tumorigenicity .	
Together , these studies reveal a previously unrecognized link between BMI-1 , contact inhibition and the Hippo-YAP pathway and suggest that resistance to contact inhibition in BMI-1 overexpressing cancer cells may be in part a result of Hippo inhibition and aberrant stabilization of YAP .	5	52
Intriguingly , the autophagy induced by genipin is able to potentiate the autophagic cell death triggered by gemcitabine , the standard chemotherapeutic drug for pancreatic adenocarcinoma , supporting the development of an anti-cancer therapy based on UCP2 inhibition associated to standard chemotherapy .	82	8
Furthermore , we demonstrate that autophagy induced by UCP2 inhibition determines a ROS-dependent cell death , as indicated by the apoptosis decrease in the presence of the autophagy inhibitors chloroquine ( CQ ) or 3-methyladenine ( 3-MA ) , or the radical scavenger NAC .	82	81	8
Our results demonstrate for the first time that UCP2 plays a role in autophagy regulation bringing new insights into mitochondrial uncoupling protein field .	82	8
Here , we demonstrate that UCP2 inhibition by genipin or UCP2 siRNA strongly increases reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) production inhibiting pancreatic adenocarcinoma cell growth .	a21	a2	a
Mitochondrial uncoupling protein 2 ( UCP2 ) can moderate oxidative stress by favoring the influx of protons into the mitochondrial matrix , thus reducing electron leakage from respiratory chain and mitochondrial superoxide production .	
Consistently , UCP2 over-expression significantly reduces basal autophagy confirming the anti-autophagic role of UCP2 .	82	8
We also show that UCP2 inhibition triggers ROS-dependent nuclear translocation of the glycolytic enzyme glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate dehydrogenase ( GAPDH ) , formation of autophagosomes , and the expression of the autophagy marker LC3-II .	a	a21	a2	82	8
Moreover , a Cys420 to Ala mutation leads to a reduction of DNA binding activity while a Cys to Ser substitution at position 420 that mimics a cysteine sulfenic acid results in a increase in DNA binding activity .	
The ratios of choline/creatine ( Cho/Cr ) and lactate/creatine ( Lac/Cr ) on the tumor and necrotic area detected by in vivo ( 1)H-MRS were compared between the control and irradiation groups , respectively .	
Although obtained from a limited number of patients , our data suggest that a higher pre-graft dose of antithymocyte globulin may negatively influence immune reconstitution .	
cAMP-signaling plays an essential role in modulating the proliferation of different cell types , including cancer cells .	
We have examined the effects of IGFBP-3 on EGF responses of breast epithelial cells in the context of changes in the extracellular matrix .	
Progression of breast cancer is associated with remodeling of the extracellular matrix , often involving a switch from estrogen dependence to a dependence on EGF receptor ( EGFR)/HER-2 and is accompanied by increased expression of the main binding protein for insulin-like growth factors ( IGFBP-3 ) .	
In contrast on fibronectin with MCF-10A cells , IGFBP-3 alone inhibited cell growth and blocked EGF-induced proliferation .	9	92
On plastic and laminin with MCF-10A normal breast epithelial cells , EGF and IGFBP-3 each increased cell growth and together produced a synergistic response , whereas with T47D breast cancer cells IGFBP-3 alone had no effect , but the ability of EGF to increase cell proliferation was markedly inhibited in the presence of IGFBP-3 .	9	92
The insulin-like growth factor-independent effects of IGFBP-3 alone on cell proliferation were completely abrogated in the presence of an EGFR , tyrosine kinase inhibitor , Iressa .	9	92
With the cancer cells , IGFBP-3 alone had no effect but enhanced the EGF-induced increase in cell growth .	9	92
The levels of fibronectin and IGFBP-3 within breast tumors may determine their dependence on EGFR and their response to therapies targeting this receptor .	9	93
Although IGFBP-3 did not affect EGFR phosphorylation [ Tyr(1068) ] , it was found to modulate receptor internalization and was associated with activation of Rho and subsequent changes in MAPK phosphorylation .	921	92	9
Thus , low intracellular zinc status causes oxidative DNA damage and induces DNA-repair protein expression , but binding of p53 and important downstream signals leading to proper DNA repair are lost without zinc .	61	62	6
Previous studies have demonstrated that the tobacco-specific nitrosamine 4-(methylnitrosamino)-1-(3-pyridyl)-1-butanone ( NNK ) induced liver tumors in F344 rats but not in Syrian golden hamsters .	
O6-mGua in NNK-treated rat liver was undetectable after 48 h .	61	611	6
The levels of both 7-methylguanine and O6-mGua reached a maximum 24 h after NNK treatment .	61	611	6
A subsequent rapid recovery of enzyme activity was observed 36 h after NNK exposure .	
In the rat , the depletion of O6-mGuaT activity occurred within 4 h following NNK treatment .	61	611	6
Thus , the persistence of O6-mGua in hamster liver is most likely related to a lack of recovery of the O6-mGuaT .	61	611	6
In contrast , high levels of O6-mGua persisted in hamster liver DNA and no O6-mGuaT activity was detected up to 336 h after NNK injection .	61	611	6
Approximately 10% of the U.S. population ingests <50% of the current recommended daily allowance for zinc .	
We investigate the effect of zinc deficiency on DNA damage , expression of DNA-repair enzymes , and downstream signaling events in a cell-culture model .	
Low zinc inhibited cell growth of rat glioma C6 cells and increased oxidative stress .	a21	a2	a
Low intracellular zinc increased DNA single-strand breaks ( comet assay ) .	612	61	6
Zinc-deficient C6 cells also exhibited an increase in the expression of the zinc-containing DNA-repair proteins p53 and apurinic endonuclease ( APE ) .	62	6
Repletion with zinc restored cell growth and reversed DNA damage .	61	6
APE is a multifunctional protein that not only repairs DNA but also controls DNA-binding activity of many transcription factors that may be involved in cancer progression .	
The ability of the transcription factors p53 , nuclear factor kappaB , and activator protein 1 ( AP1 ) to bind to consensus DNA sequences was decreased markedly with zinc deficiency , as assayed by electrophoretic mobility-shift assays .	
After 24weeks , chronic arsenic-exposed breast epithelial ( CABE ) cells showed increases in secreted MMP activity , colony formation , invasion , and proliferation rate , indicating an acquired cancer cell phenotype .	11	1
CONCLUSIONS High MVD correlates with unfavorable prognosis in our series of recurring meningioma .	
Putative CD44(+)/CD24(-/low) breast SCs were increased to 80% over control in CABE cells .	
CABE cells also formed multilayer cell mounds , indicative of loss of contact inhibition .	5	52
CONCLUSIONS The combination of proteomics and metabonomics enabled us to identify several key targets essential to the antitumor activity of lovastatin .	
Our results imply that lovastatin has the potential to reduce the growth of breast cancer cells .	
Lovastatin's involvement in the AKT-signaling pathway was confirmed by an upregulation of its downstream target , tumor progressor NDRG1 .	921	92	9
Metabolic consequences to lovastatin exposure included suppression of glycolytic and Krebs cycle activity , and lipid biosynthesis .	
These mounds showed high levels of K5 and p63 , indicating the potential presence of cancer stem cells ( CSCs ) .	
While 17-beta-estradiol ( E2 ) did not significantly alter MRT cell line proliferation , the hydroxylated tamoxifen metabolite 4-OHT significantly inhibited the growth of all 6 MRT cell lines .	9	92
However , the steroidal antiestrogen ICI 182 780 did not alter the proliferation of any of the MRT cell lines. 4-OHT induced apoptosis in both ER-alpha-negative and ER-alpha-positive MRT cell lines , as assessed by nuclear morphology and DNA fragmentation .	
VEGFR- 2 mRNA expression was found in 6/8 tumors extracted at first operation in patients with recurring tumors and in none of the control cases ( p = 0.007 ) .	
RESULTS VEGF protein , VEGF-mRNA , VEGF receptor ( VEGFR)-1 mRNA , VEGFR-2 mRNA and hypoxia-inducible factor ( HIF)-1-α protein were expressed in 27/29 ( 93% ) , 20/27 ( 74% ) , 9/27 ( 33.3% ) , 12/27 ( 44.4% ) and 5/29 ( 17.2% ) specimens , respectively .	7	71
We studied 29 tumor specimens of 8 patients with recurring meningiomas and of 8 age- and gender-matched control patients with non-recurring meningiomas ( including meningothelial , transitional , fibroblastic and atypical subtypes ) using immunohistochemistry and in-situ hybridization .	
AIM We studied expression of molecules of the vascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF ) pathway and its relation to vascularization , cell proliferation and patient outcome in recurring non-anaplastic meningioma .	
In mice bearing NCI-H1975 ( EGFR L858R/T790M ) xenografts , ganetespib was rapidly eliminated from plasma and normal tissues but was maintained in tumor with t(1/2) 58.3 hours , supporting once-weekly dosing experiments , in which ganetespib produced greater tumor growth inhibition than 17-AAG .	
Ganetespib was also approximately 20-fold more potent in isogenic Ba/F3 pro-B cells rendered IL-3 independent by expression of EGFR and ERBB2 mutants .	
Telomerase-immortalized epithelial cells without HPV16 E6E7 expression did not exhibit such preferential pericentromeric instability after release from APH treatment .	
Consecutive day dosing resulted in xenograft regressions , accompanied by more sustained pharmacodynamic effects .	
However , after a single dose , reexpression of mutant EGFR occurred by 72 hours , correlating with reversal of antiproliferative and proapoptotic effects .	
EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN The activity of ganetespib was compared with that of the geldanamycin 17-AAG in biochemical assays , cell lines , and xenografts , and evaluated in an ERBB2 YVMA-driven mouse lung adenocarcinoma model .	
PURPOSE We describe the anticancer activity of ganetespib , a novel non-geldanamycin heat shock protein 90 ( HSP90 ) inhibitor , in non-small cell lung cancer ( NSCLC ) models .	
Furthermore , the dual point mutation R1300Q,S1303D in GluN2B that blocks interaction of this high affinity site with CaMKII abolished rescue .	
Thus , CaMKII binding to GluN2B is required for global and cLTP-induced synaptic accumulation of CaMKII\u03b1 .	
Expression of YFP-GluN2B , but not a similar level of YFP-GluN2A , rescued global and cLTP-induced CaMKII\u03b1 translocation .	
Using chimeric constructs , the pore-forming extracellular and membrane domains of GluN2A combined with the cytoplasmic tail of GluN2B were sufficient to rescue CaMKII\u03b1 translocation , whereas the reverse chimera was ineffective .	
Here , we tested the role of the NMDA receptor subunit GluN2B in recruiting CaMKII\u03b1 to synapses with different paradigms : global bath stimulation of NMDA receptors , a chemical long term potentiation ( cLTP ) protocol that selectively activates synaptic NMDA receptors , or local stimulation of NMDA receptors at a contiguous set of synapses that triggers a propagating synaptic accumulation of CaMKII .	
Thus , anti-VEGF therapy in aggressive meningioma seems rational from a pathobiological point of view .	
The calcium-calmodulin activated kinase CaMKII mediates many forms of learning and memory .	
Activity-regulated translocation of CaMKII to synapses is important for its functions in synaptic plasticity .	
VEGF and its receptors are frequently expressed in meningiomas and seem important for tumor growth and recurrence .	
Epigenetic changes induced by suberoylanilide hydroxamic acid and 5-aza-2'-deoxycytidine further enhance the cytotoxicity .	
This study provides a rationale for an ongoing clinical trial in our institution using ( BMG+suberoylanilide hydroxamic acid ) as pre-hematopoietic stem cell transplantation conditioning for lymphoma .	
However , surprisingly , locally induced propagating synaptic accumulation of CaMKII\u03b1 occurred normally in GluN2B -/- neurons , indistinguishably from wild-type .	
Thus , synaptic trapping of CaMKII during locally induced propagating translocation occurs by different mechanisms and molecular partners compared with global stimulation and cLTP paradigms .	
The same diverse responses were observed when the growth factor receptors IGF1R or INSR were overexpressed .	9	93
Down-regulation of IGF1R or INSR isoform A ( INSRA ) also inhibited only proliferation of cancer cells .	9	93
The proliferative response induced by the INSR in cancer cells was mediated solely by the INSRA .	
Moreover we observed that the receptors of the IGF network mutually influence their expression and exert redundant functions , thus underscoring the functional molecular network formed by IGF , INS , IGF1R , and INSR .	9	93
The insulin-like growth factor ( IGF ) pathway represents one of the most studied molecular regulatory networks in oncology .	
Clinical trials investigating the therapeutic value of anti-IGF1 receptor ( IGF1R ) therapies in cancer , including prostate cancer , are ongoing .	
However , the multiple functions of the IGF network in the prostate are not entirely known .	
To elucidate the effects of IGF and insulin ( INS ) on prostate cells , we stimulated prostate cancer ( PC3 , DU145 , LNCaP , DUCaP ) and noncancerous prostate cells ( EP156T , RWPE-1 ) and observed differing responses : whereas cancer cells responded to IGF and INS exposure by way of enhanced cell proliferation and glucose consumption , basal to luminal differentiation was induced in noncancerous cells .	
Collectively we found that both IGF1R and INSRA have oncogenic effects in prostate cancer , but the IGF network also has important physiological functions in the noncancerous prostate .	9	93	92
These data provide new insights into the biology of the IGF network in the prostate , thereby facilitating the design and interpretation of clinical studies investigating IGF1R targeting agents .	
Recently , many research groups have investigated the anti-angiogenic activity of natural compounds since some have been demonstrated to have anticancer properties .	
Thus , angiogenesis inhibitors that suppress inflammation have been studied as an anticancer treatment .	
The process of angiogenesis is an important step for tumor growth and metastasis , as is inflammation .	
Angiogenesis is defined as the formation of new blood vessels form existing vessels surrounding a tumor .	
Here , we report the anti-angiogenic action of betaine .	7	71
In Southeast Asia , betaine is used in traditional oriental medicine for the treatment of hepatic disorders .	
Betaine , trimethylglycine ( TMG ) , was first discovered in the juice of sugar beets and was later shown to be present in wheat , shellfish and spinach .	
Among many natural compounds , we focused on betaine , which is known to suppress inflammation .	
Sources of stem cells were bone marrow from sibling ( n=4 ) or unrelated donor ( n=6 ) .	
Median age of the patients was 56.5 years , and diagnoses included acute myelogenous leukemia , advance myelodysplastic syndrome , and secondary myelofibrosis .	
This study retrospectively analyzed the outcome of allogeneic HSCT for 10 patients aged 50 years or older with myeloid hematological malignancies after conditioning with fludarabine ( 125 mg/m(2) ) , melphalan ( 140 mg/m(2) ) and total body irradiation ( TBI ; 8 Gy ) .	
A variety of reduced-intensity conditionings have been used in the reported studies of allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation ( HSCT ) for elderly patients with myeloid hematological malignancies .	
Because of a high incidence of transplant-related mortality , further refinement of this conditioning is required .	
Both overall and disease-free survival rates were 40.0% ( 95% CI : 10.6 Causes of death were relapse ( n=2 ) , fungal infection ( n=2 ) , and secondary malignancies ( n=2 ) .	
Enforced HOX11 expression was found to induce a profound alteration in J2E cellular morphology and differentiation status .	
To examine the pathological role of HOX11 in tumorigenesis , we constitutively expressed HOX11 cDNA in J2E murine erythroleukaemic cells , which are capable of terminal differentiation .	
HOX11 is also leukaemogenic , both through its clinical association with childhood T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukaemia , and its ability to immortalize other haematopoietic cell lineages experimentally .	
The HOX11 gene encodes a homeodomain transcription factor that is essential for spleen development during embryogenesis .	
Taken together , these results show that HOX11 alters erythroid differentiation , favouring a less mature progenitor-like stage .	
Immunocytochemical analysis confirmed the immature erythroid phenotype imposed by HOX11 , with clones transfected with HOX11 demonstrating expression of the c-Kit stem cell marker , while retaining EPO receptor expression .	
Morphologically , the cells overexpressing HOX11 were larger and had decreased globin levels , as well as a reduction in haemoglobin synthesis in response to erythropoietin ( EPO ) .	
Our analyses revealed that HOX11 produced clones with a preponderance of less differentiated cells that were highly adherent to plastic .	
Pre-treatment PBLs from patients with mRCC exhibit a gene expression profile and serum cytokine profile consistent with inflammation and proliferation not found in healthy donors ( HD ) .	a	a2
We examined gene expression , cytokine levels in patient serum and lymphocyte subsets as determined by flow cytometry ( FCM ) .	
We examined peripheral blood lymphocyte ( PBL ) gene expression as a biomarker of illness and treatment effect using the Affymetrix Human Gene ST1 platform in patients with metastatic renal cell carcinoma ( mRCC ) who received combined treatment with IL-2 , interferon-?-2a and dendritic cell vaccine .	
This supports the notion that disrupted haematopoietic cell differentiation is responsible for pre-leukaemic immortalization by the HOX11 oncoprotein .	4	41
In addition , we observed down-regulation of T(REG)-cell pathways post-treatment in R vs. NR patients .	
To elucidate mechanisms of inflammation-induced carcinogenesis , we undertook a comprehensive analysis of histopathology , molecular damage , and gene expression changes during disease progression in these mice .	
Overall , PBL gene expression post-treatment ( POST ) was not significantly different than pre-treatment ( PRE ) .	
PBL gene expression from patients with mRCC showed increased mRNA of genes involved with T-cell and T(REG)-cell activation pathways , which was also reflected in lymphocyte subset distribution .	
Helicobacter hepaticus-infected Rag2(-/-) mice emulate many aspects of human inflammatory bowel disease , including the development of colitis and colon cancer .	
The literature indicates that the evidence for effects of TCDD on humoral immunity is sparse .	
The results support a model of inflammation-mediated carcinogenesis involving infiltration of phagocytes and generation of reactive species that cause local molecular damage leading to cell dysfunction , mutation , and cell death .	a21	63	a	6	8	a2
Methodologic issues , results , and possible sources of variation between studies are discussed .	
Levels of nucleic acid damage from the same chemical class were strongly correlated in both liver and colon .	
Paradoxically , infection was associated with decreased levels of DNA etheno adducts .	61	611	6
Trastuzumab was able to inhibit cell proliferation in a time-dependent manner , with growth inhibition also obtained at low concentrations ( 0.1-1 microg/ml ) .	9
Combined treatment with Trastuzumab ( 10 microg/ml ) and CDDP ( 1 microg/ml ) showed synergism .	
Our results were encouraging , and suggest a rationale for further investigations in a clinical setting .	
Mass spectrometric analysis revealed higher levels of DNA and RNA damage products in liver compared to colon and infection-induced increases in 5-chlorocytosine in DNA and RNA and hypoxanthine in DNA .	61	6
Malignant mesothelioma ( MM ) still remains a therapeutic and diagnostic problem to which new therapeutic perspectives are being continuously tried and tested .	
Three different primary cultures ( MMGe-1 , MES MM 98 , and MES 1 ) and one immortalized cell line ( MSTO 211 H ) of human MM were studied in order to evaluate the HER-2/neu expression .	
Three out of four cell lines showed a different level of c-erbB-2 expression , the highest being detected on the MSTO 211 H cell line ( fibroblastic phenotype ) , whereas MMGe-1 resulted negative .	
The effect of the anti-HER-2/neu antibody ( Trastuzumab ) alone , and in combination with cisplatin ( CDDP ) at different doses ( ranging from 0.1 to 100 microg/ml ) , was studied on all the c-erB-2 positive cell lines .	
RESULTS Compared with that in the normal control , the counts of cells in the three ZLJ groups were decreased significantly ( P<0.05 ) at such time point as 24 , 48 , 72 , 96 , 120 , and 144 h .	
Furthermore , apart from the comparison of the growth inhibition rate between the low and moderate dosage group at 24 and 72 h which were found to be no significant difference ( P>0.05 ) , the comparison f that among the three ZLJ groups appeared to be significant difference ( P<0.05 ) .	
The inhibitory effect of ZLJ on cell proliferation of MCF-7 was time- and dose-dependent ; it could retard cells in G0/G1 cell phase ; apoptosis of MCF-7 cell was induced by moderate and high dosage of ZLJ with revealing of apoptotic body and DNA ladder formation .	9	51	91	5	511	8	81
CONCLUSION ZLJ shows cell proliferation inhibitory and apoptosis inducing effects on human breast cancer cell line MCF-7 , and thus to realize its anti-tumor action .	
OBJECTIVE To study the effect of Zilongjin ( ZLJ , a composite Chinese drug ) on proliferation and apoptosis of human breast carcinoma cell line MCF-7 .	
METHODS MCF-7 cells were randomly divided into four groups depending on the culture solution used , the control group , cultured with 1640 medium not contained ZLJ ; and the three ZJL groups cultured with medium contained low ( 1.5 mg/mL ) , moderate ( 3 mg/mL ) and high ( 6 mg/mL ) dosage of ZLJ crude drug respectively .	
The changes of cell proliferation were assessed by cell growth curve assay and methyl thiazolyl tetrazolium ( MTT ) assay .	
And the cell apoptosis was analyzed by flow cytometry , Hoechst 33342 staining and DNA ladder assay .	
METHODS This study was carried out in departments of Biochemistry and Surgery , Maulana Azad Medical College and associated Hospitals , New Delhi , India .	
A total of 60 cases of carcinoma of the breast and 60 healthy controls were included in the study .	
OBJECTIVES Oxidative stress and pro-inflammatory mediators have been implicated in breast carcinogenesis .	
We attempted to evaluate the markers of oxidative stress , antioxidant mechanism and the inflammatory pathway in patients with breast cancer .	
The inflammatory markers-IL-6 and ferritin-were also significantly higher in patients with breast cancer .	a	a2
A significantly positive correlation was observed between the IL-6 levels and conjugated dienes with the stage of breast carcinoma ; whilst a significantly negative correlation was observed between the levels of conjugated dienes and superoxide dismutase and superoxide dismutase levels with the disease staging .	a21	a2	a
The parameters that were assayed include markers of oxidative stress-conjugated dienes , thiobarbitone reactive substances ( TBARS ) , antioxidants-superoxide dismutase ( SOD ) , catalase ( CAT ) , glutathione peroxidase ( GPx ) , glutathione ( GSH ) and markers of inflammation-interleukin-6(IL-6) and ferritin .	
RESULTS There was a significant decline in the antioxidant levels and a significant rise in oxidant levels in patients with carcinoma of the breast , compared to controls .	a21	a2	a
CONCLUSIONS This study underlines the interplay between inflammatory pathways and oxidative stress in the pathogenesis of breast cancer .	a21	a2	a
MINI ABSTRACT : An intense research is underway to identify the possible risk factors and the molecular mechanisms involved in pathogenesis of breast cancer .	
They exhibited a human karyotype with a modal chromosomal number in the hypertriploid range .	
The cells could be transplanted into the subcutis of nude mice and produced tumors resembling the original tumor .	
Epithelial-mesenchymal transition ( EMT ) is a critical process providing tumor cells with the ability to migrate and escape from the primary tumor and metastasize to distant sites .	
CONCLUSIONS The high density of peritumoral lymphatic vessels is a potential predictor of more aggressive phenotype of cervical squamous cancer .	
This residue was incubated with a solution of p-aminobenzoic acid ( PABA ) , the internal standard , and bacterial protease in PBS , transferred to a Nanosep centrifugal device , and centrifuged .	
A 100\u2009\u03bcL portion of the filtrate was analyzed on a YMC-Pack ODS-AMQ C18 column , using 100\u2009mM potassium dihydrogen phosphate-methanol-acetic acid ( 100\u2009:\u20090.6\u2009:\u20090.1 ) as the mobile phase , a flow rate of 1\u2009mL/min , and photometric detection at 254\u2009nm .	
A simple reversed-phase HPLC method for measuring hepatic levels of acetaminophen- ( APAP- ) protein adduct following an overdose of APAP was developed .	
An aliquot of liver homogenate in phosphate-buffered saline pH 7.4 ( PBS ) was placed on a Nanosep centrifugal device , which was centrifuged to obtain a protein residue .	
Recoveries of APAP-Cys from spiked blank liver homogenates ranged from to 91% .	
Limits of detection and of quantification of APAP-Cys , based on column concentrations , were 0.06\u2009\u03bcg and 0.14\u2009\u03bcg , respectively .	
PABA and APAP-cystein-S-yl ( APAP-Cys ) eluted at and 22.7\u2009min , respectively .	
Method linearity , based on on-column concentrations of APAP-Cys , was observed over the range 0.078-40\u2009\u03bcg .	
RSD values for interday and intraday analyses of a blank liver homogenate spiked with APAP-Cyst at three levels were , in all cases , \u22641.0% and <1.5% , respectively .	
The proposed method was found appropriate for comparing the antidotal properties of N-acetylcysteine and taurine in a rat model of APAP poisoning .	
After exposure of U937 cells to the oxazaphosphorines , the patterns of temporary changes in the frequency of TUNEL positive U937 cells , expressing DNA breakage , were determined .	612	61	6
The flow cytometry APO-BRDU assay , based on the TUNEL method , was used for the in situ detection of DNA strand breaks .	
The aim of the present study was to compare the possible influence of three new generation oxazaphosphorines , D-17272 ( mafosfamide cyclohexylamine salt ) , D-18864 ( 4-hydro-peroxy-cyclophosphamide ) , and D-19575 ( glufosfamide , beta-D-glucose-isophosphoramide mustard ) on DNA damage induction in the human histiocytic lymphoma U937 cells .	
Oxazaphosphorines are a class of DNA alkylating agents .	
The effect of gain or loss of EP(2) receptors in immortalized human keratinocytes ( HaCat cells ) was examined .	
EMT and putative CSC markers were analyzed using Western blotting .	
HaCat keratinocytes were transfected with sense or anti-sense constructs of the EP(2) receptor .	
Intravenous injection of tumor cells was done to evaluate their metastatic potential in mice .	
Loss or gain of EP(2) expression was documented by immunoblot and associated changes in agonist-stimulated cAMP production .	
However , the combined treatment of ICI and AMD3100 reduced MCF-7 cell proliferation and migration below control levels , indicating targeting both the ER and CXCR4 pathways is effective in decreasing the hMSCs induction of MCF-7 cell proliferation and migration .	9	93
Additionally , blocking SDF-1 signalling using a CXCR4-specific inhibitor decreased hMSC induced proliferation and migration of MCF-7 .	
Better understanding of the mechanisms involved in this tumour stroma cell interaction may provide novel targets for the development of treatment strategies for oestrogen receptor positive , hormone-independent , and endocrine-resistant breast carcinoma .	9	93
CONCLUSIONS The sum of these data reveals the relationship between tumour microenvironment and tumour growth and progression .	
As one mechanism , ephrin-B1 inhibits the association of Nm23-H1 with Tiam1 , which contributes for activation of Rac1 .	
In contrast , protein kinase A does not play a role .	
Tumor cells photoactivated with HA and HB showed cell size shrinkage and an increase in the sub-diploid DNA content .	
A loss of membrane phospholipid asymmetry associated with apoptosis was induced by all tumor cell lines as evidenced by the externalization of phosphatidylserine .	8	81
Western blot analysis of poly ( ADP-ribose ) polymerase , a caspases substrate , showed the classical cleavage pattern ( 116 to 85kDa ) associated with apoptosis in HA and HB-treated cell lysates .	8	81
In addition , PARP cleavage was blocked by using tetrapepdide caspases inhibitors such as DEVD or z-VAD .	
Novel photosensitizers Hypocrellin A ( HA ) and Hypocrellin B ( HB ) , lipid soluble perylquinone derivatives of the genus Hypericum have a strong photodynamic effect on tumors and viruses .	
However , the mechanisms of tumor cell death induced by HA and HB are still unclear .	
In this study , we attempt to elucidate the photodynamic effects of HA and HB compounds in poorly differentiated ( CNE2 ) and moderately differentiated ( TW0-1 ) human nasopharyngeal carcinoma ( NPC ) cells as well as human mucosal colon ( CCL-220.1 ) and bladder ( SD ) cells .	
Using these cell lines we investigated few hall marks of apoptotic commitments in a drug and light dose dependent manner .	
These results demonstrate that tumor cell death induced by HB and HA is mediated by caspase proteases .	8	81
This study also identifies both colon and bladder cells were more sensitive cell lines than NPC ( CNE2 and TWO-1 ) cell lines .	
The half-life of cyclin D1 in mouse embryonic fibroblasts ( MEFs ) prepared from Fbxo4(-/-) , Fbxw8(-/-) , and Fbxo4(-/-) ; Fbxw8(-/-) mice also did not differ from that in wild-type MEFs .	
Additional depletion of Skp2 and Fbxo31 in Fbxo4(-/-) ; Fbxw8(-/-) MEFs by RNA interference did not affect cyclin D1 stability .	
Although Fbxo31 depletion in MEFs increased cyclin D1 abundance , this effect appeared attributable to upregulation of cyclin D1 mRNA .	
Furthermore , abrogation of the function of the Skp1-Cul1-F-box protein ( SCF ) complex or the anaphase-promoting complex/cyclosome ( APC/C ) complexes did not alter the half-life of cyclin D1 , whereas cyclin D1 degradation was dependent largely on proteasome activity .	
D-type cyclins play a pivotal role in G(1)-S progression of the cell cycle , and their expression is frequently deregulated in cancer .	
Cyclin D1 has a half-life of only min as a result of its ubiquitylation and proteasomal degradation , with various F-box proteins , including Fbxo4 , Fbxw8 , Skp2 , and Fbxo31 , having been found to contribute to its ubiquitylation .	
We have now generated Fbxo4-deficient mice and found no abnormalities in these animals .	
Cyclin D1 accumulation was thus not observed in Fbxo4(-/-) mouse tissues .	
Our genetic analyses thus do not support a role for any of the four F-box proteins examined in cyclin D1 degradation during normal cell cycle progression .	
They suggest the existence of other ubiquitin ligases that target cyclin D1 for proteolysis .	
These findings raise the possibility that ghrelin modulates insulin activities in humans .	
Unlike insulin , ghrelin inhibited Akt kinase activity as well as up-regulated gluconeogenesis .	
Specific protein patterns favoring metastasis were observed in the " more-aggressive " group defined by the present study .	
GHS-R is found in various tissues , but its function is unknown .	
Ghrelin was identified in the stomach as an endogenous ligand specific for the growth hormone secretagogue receptor ( GHS-R ) .	
Exposure of these cells to ghrelin caused up-regulation of several insulin-induced activities including tyrosine phosphorylation of insulin receptor substrate-1 ( IRS-1 ) , association of the adapter molecule growth factor receptor-bound protein 2 with IRS-1 , mitogen-activated protein kinase activity , and cell proliferation .	921	93	9	92
Here we show that GHS-R is found in hepatoma cells .	
From these results , it could be concluded that eugenol markedly protects against chemically induced skin cancer and acts possibly by virtue of its antiproliferative , anti-inflammatory , and antioxidant activities .	a21	a2	a
TPA-induced depletion of cutaneous GSH and antioxidant enzymes armory was also precluded by eugenol .	
Eugenol also inhibited the upstream signaling molecule : NF-kappaB , which regulates the expression of these genes .	
Since HPV16 E6 and E7 inactivate p53 and Rb , and p53 and Rb pathway defects are common in cancer , our finding that pericentromeric regions are refractory to prompt repair after replication stress-induced breakage in HPV16 E6E7-expressing cells may shed light on mechanism of general pericentromeric instability in cancer .	
Using a refinement for classifying oral carcinomas in regard to prognosis , we analyzed small but lymph node metastasis-positive versus large , lymph node metastasis-negative tumors in order to contribute to the molecular characterization of subgroups with risk of dissemination .	
Time to recurrence was shorter in patients with high MVD than in patients with low MVD ( p = 0.027 ) .	
To investigate the molecular mechanisms underlying altered T cell response in renal cell carcinoma ( RCC ) patients , we compared autologous and allogeneic CD8(+) T cell responses against RCC line from RCC patients and their HLA-matched donors , using mixed lymphocyte/tumor cell cultures ( MLTCs ) .	
In addition , we analyzed the expression of molecules associated with cell cycle regulation .	
Autologous MLTC responder CD8(+) T cells showed cytotoxic activity against RCC cell lines ; however the analysis of the distribution of CD8(+) T-cell subsets revealed that allogenic counterparts mediate superior antitumor efficacy .	
In RCC patients , a decreased proliferative response to tumor , associated with defects in JAK3/STAT5/6 expression that led to increased p27KIP1 expression and alterations in the cell cycle , was observed .	51	9	5	511	921	92
These data define a molecular pathway involved in cell cycle regulation that is associated with the dysfunction of tumor-specific CD8(+) effector cells .	
If validated , this may define a therapeutic target in the setting of patients with RCC .	
The association of high Ki-67 index values with VEGF-mRNA expression was significant ( p = 0.04 ) .	
In our efforts to elucidate key molecular pathways underlying TCS and cell cycle escape , we have previously shown that the deregulation of mitotic kinase Cdk1 and its downstream effectors are important mediators of survival and cell cycle reentry .	
The T/N ratio cannot be used as a substitute for the SUV .	
PET seems to be more accurate than CT or EUS for diagnosing lymph node metastasis .	1	12
CONCLUSIONS PET imaging can detect primary esophageal cancer with a depth of invasion of T1b or greater , but Tis and T1a tumors are undetectable .	11	1
There was no statistically significant correlation between the SUV and the T/N ratio .	
Dendritic cells ( DCs ) and natural killer ( NK ) cells are central components of innate immunity for controlling tumor growth .	
The therapeutic effects of certain anti-myeloma drugs are partially mediated by targeting the innate immune response .	
In addition , novel types of natural compounds have been developed that efficiently modulate the activity of both the cellular and humoral compartments of immunity .	
MGN-3 is known as an activator of natural killer cells , inducer of apoptosis and cytokine production , and modulator of dendritic cell maturation and differentiation in vitro .	
These results indicate a novel function of Nm23-H1 to control CIL , and its negative regulation by ephrin-B1 .	
We performed immunophenotypic analysis of peripheral blood samples , determined NK cell activity , and assessed the cytokine profiles of plasma before and during 3months of treatment .	
The results demonstrate a clear increase in NK activity in MGN-3-treated patients compared to the placebo group , an increased level of myeloid DCs in peripheral blood , and augmented concentrations of T helper cell type 1-related cytokines .	
The present study suggests that MGN-3 may represent an immunologically relevant product for activating innate immunity in multiple myeloma patients and warrants further testing to demonstrate clinical efficacy .	2	21
In conclusion , the present study suggests a novel sAC-dependent signaling pathway that controls the proliferation of prostate carcinoma cells .	
Microvessel density ( MVD ) and Ki-67 index values were generally higher in meningiomas with expression of angiogenic factors .	71	7	711
It has been reported that emergence from this growth arrest by the abrogation of p16(INK4a) , a cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor , and expression of the catalytic component of human telomerase ( hTERT ) are necessary for HMEC immortalization .	4	41
Using standard culture conditions , primary human mammary epithelial cells ( HMECs ) undergo a premature , transient growth arrest termed M0 ( mortality stage 0 ) after 10-15 population doublings in vitro .	
These findings support the concept that the so-called M0 stage represents a cell culture stress-induced growth arrest and that hTERT is sufficient to immortalize HMECs when cultured under adequate conditions .	4	41
Here we show that primary HMECs , grown on feeder layers , do not undergo this growth arrest and can be immortalized without abrogating p16 .	4	41
This invariable consequence of TCS recapitulates the clinical treatment experience of patients with advanced cancer .	
Labeling of angiogenic vessels using CL can be of interest not only for functional imaging in ophthalmology but also for other conditions where localization of active angiogenesis is desirable .	7	71
This novel , non-invasive SLO imaging technique could improve risk assessment and indication for current intraocular antiangiogenic drugs in neovascular eye diseases , as well as monitor therapeutic outcomes .	7	71
Altogether , these studies underscore the importance of TCS in cancer therapeutics .	
Separate microscopic and macroscopic ( or local and non-local ) unbinding rates have been previously proposed , but never independently observed .	
Microscopic dissociation rates for the chimeric mutants ( s(-1) ) are higher than those observed for wild-type proteins ( s(-1) ) , reflecting their reduced ability to bend DNA through short-range interactions , despite their increased DNA-binding affinity .	
Therefore , transient local HMGB-DNA contacts dominate the DNA-bending mechanism used by these important architectural proteins to increase DNA flexibility .	
Eukaryotic High-Mobility Group B ( HMGB ) proteins alter DNA elasticity while facilitating transcription , replication and DNA repair .	
We developed a new single-molecule method to probe non-specific DNA interactions for two HMGB homologs : the human HMGB2 box A domain and yeast Nhp6Ap , along with chimeric mutants replacing neutral N-terminal residues of the HMGB2 protein with cationic sequences from Nhp6Ap .	
Surprisingly , HMGB proteins constrain DNA winding , and this torsional constraint is released over short timescales .	
These measurements reveal the microscopic dissociation rates of HMGB from DNA .	
In this report , we applied whole-genome expression analyses to reveal that oncogenic B-RAF(V600E) regulates genes associated with epithelial-mesenchymal transition in normal cutaneous human melanocytes .	
Together , our results reveal a mechanism for ASPP2 tumor suppressor function via direct interaction with Ras-GTP to stimulate Ras-induced senescence in nontransformed human cells .	42	4
We now show that ASPP2 binds to Ras-GTP at the plasma membrane and stimulates Ras-induced signaling and pERK1/2 levels via promoting Ras-GTP loading , B-Raf/C-Raf dimerization , and C-Raf phosphorylation .	
These functions require the ASPP2 N terminus because BBP ( also known as 53BP2S ) , an alternatively spliced ASPP2 isoform lacking the N terminus , was defective in binding Ras-GTP and stimulating Raf/MEK/ERK signaling .	
Structural studies identify a small G protein Ras-association domain in the ASPP2 N terminus .	
Because Ras-induced senescence is a barrier to tumor formation in normal cells , we investigated whether ASPP2 could bind Ras and stimulate the protein kinase Raf/MEK/ERK signaling cascade .	
The ASPP2 ( also known as 53BP2L ) tumor suppressor is a proapoptotic member of a family of p53 binding proteins that functions in part by enhancing p53-dependent apoptosis via its C-terminal p53-binding domain .	
Mounting evidence also suggests that ASPP2 harbors important nonapoptotic p53-independent functions .	
This finding needs further investigation .	
Additionally , an analogous myeloid subset was found in liver metastases of some colorectal cancer patients .	1	12
Accumulating data suggest arsenic may be an endocrine disruptor and tentatively linked to breast cancer by some studies .	
Podoplanin was found to have a marked influence on cancer cell migration and the expression of matrix metalloprotease-9 ( MMP-9 ) in the oral cavity upon stimulation with EGF .	11	1	92	9
In this study we performed real-time RT-PCR , Western blotting and scratch assay using OSCC cell lines in order to clarify the molecular biological function of podoplanin expression associated with various growth factors including EGF and with the Src-Cas signaling pathway .	
Podoplanin promotes oral cancer cell migration , and the EGF-Src-Cas pathway is one of the possible mechanisms responsible for progression of cancer in the oral cavity .	11	1
Our recent study of oral squamous cell carcinoma ( OSCC ) demonstrated that the degree of immunohistochemical expression of podoplanin was correlated with the severity of epithelial dysplasia and significantly associated with a poor pathologic grade of differentiation .	
Human podoplanin is a type-1 transmembrane sialomucin-like glycoprotein that is involved in cell migration , tumor cell invasion and metastasis .	
However , the molecular function of podoplanin remains unclear .	
Furthermore , it has been reported that Src directly associates with the epidermal growth factor receptor ( EGFR ) in OSCC cells upon stimulation with EGF and phosphorylates Crk-associated substrate ( Cas ) , podoplanin acting downstream of Src and Cas to promote cell migration .	
To test for direct participation of CD133 , we separated CD133(+) and CD133(-) cells in the MG63 cell line using magnetic-activated cell sorting and found that CD133(+) cells were more active in migration by scratch wound-healing assay and invasion by Matrigel invasion assay compared with CD133(-) cells .	11	1
Multivariate analysis verified that NF-κB RelA [ hazard ratio ( HR ) : 3.40 , P = 0.024 ] and SAA ( HR : 3.39 , P = 0.045 ) were independently associated with OS .	
We found CD133 expression in 65.7% ( 46/70 ) of OS samples using immunohistochemistry , and it was positively correlated with lung metastasis analyzed by Chi-square test ( P=0.002 ) and shorter overall survival time using the Kaplan-Meier method compared by log-rank test ( P=0.000 ) .	1	12
Multivariate analysis showed that CD133 expression was an independent prognostic factor of patients with OS .	
However , the association between CD133 expression and the prognosis of OS remains unknown .	
In this study , we analyzed the association of CD133 expression in OS with clinical factors and overall survival , and further investigated its potential role in metastasis in vitro .	
Identifying prognostic factors for osteosarcoma ( OS ) aids in the selection of patients who require more aggressive management .	
Univariate analysis demonstrated that immunostaining of NF-κB RelA , levels of IL-6 , VEGF , SAA were significantly related with both disease free survival and overall survival ( OS ) .	
Therefore , we tested the effects of chronic inorganic arsenic exposure on the normal estrogen receptor ( ER)-negative breast epithelial cell line , MCF-10A .	
Thus , expression of CD133 was correlated with lung metastasis and poor prognosis in OS patients .	1	12
CD133(+) cells may be a type of cancer stem cell with high expression of self-renewal capacity and metastasis-related genes .	1	12
Activation of monocytes increased the glycolytic flux and the secretion of lactate , whereas oxygen consumption was decreased .	
We added [ 1,2-(13)C(2)]glucose to the culture medium and measured glucose uptake and conversion into [ 2,3-(13)C(2)]lactate .	
As lactate might interfere with glycolysis , the glycolytic flux of monocytes was determined .	
Uptake of [ 3-(13)C]lactate by monocytes was shown by hyphenated mass spectrometry .	
We then investigated possible mechanisms underlying the suppression .	
Blocking synthesis of tumor-derived lactate by oxamic acid , an inhibitor of lactate dehydrogenase , reversed the suppression of TNF secretion in this coculture model .	
This result was confirmed in a coculture model of human monocytes with multicellular tumor spheroids .	
TNF secretion was significantly suppressed by low concentrations of LA ( < or = 10 mM ) , whereas only strong acidification had a similar effect .	
To study the impact of LA on TNF secretion , human LPS-stimulated monocytes were cultured with or without LA or the corresponding pH control .	
High concentrations of lactic acid ( LA ) are found under various pathophysiological conditions and are accompanied by an acidification of the environment .	
Cells were chronically exposed to a low-level arsenite ( 500nM ) for up to 24weeks .	
Associated with the induction of aerobic glycolysis was a pathway-wide induction of glycolysis gene expression , as well as protein accumulation of an established glycolysis master-regulator , hypoxia-inducible factor 1A .	31	3
The ct genotype ( rs975263 ) might be associated with a reduced survival for younger colon cancer patients in early stages .	
However , further studies with larger sample sizes are needed .	
In cell culture , MACC1 SNPs did not affect MACC1-induced cell motility and proliferation .	
CONCLUSION In summary , the identification of coding MACC1 SNPs in primary colorectal tumors does not improve the prediction for metastasis formation or for patients ' survival compared to MACC1 expression analysis alone .	1	12
We found no association of these SNPs with clinicopathological parameters or with patients ' survival , when analyzing the entire patients ' cohort .	
An increased risk for a shorter metastasis-free survival of patients with a ct genotype ( rs975263 ) was observed in younger colon cancer patients with stage I or II ( P = 0.041 , n = 18 ) .	1	12
C-reactive protein ( CRP ) and serum amyloid A ( SAA ) were measured via immunotrubidimetry .	
By contrast , in the NM 1% fed group there was no evidence of peritoneal metastasis in 50% of the animals and mild metastasis in the remaining 50% .	1	12
Mice in the control group exhibited extensive metastasis in the peritoneal cavity and severely enlarged right testes and necrotic seminiferous tubules .	1	12
Four weeks later the mice were sacrificed and the abdominal cavity was opened .	
Preoperative serum levels of vascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF ) , interleukin-6 ( IL-6 ) were assessed via enzyme-linked immuno-sorbent assay .	
Following inoculation , the mice were randomly divided into two groups .	
Male athymic mice ( n=12 ) , 10-12 weeks of age , were inoculated with 5�10(5) B16FO melanoma cells in 100 μl of PBS into the right testis , while the left testis was left untreated .	
The preferential targeting of mutations after replication of alkylated DNA is mainly driven by the base at the 5 ' side of the G residues .	63	6
Metastasis , commonly to the lung , is the major cause of mortality from testicular cancer .	
We show that the base substitution error rates on an alkylated substrate are similar for the replication of the leading and lagging strands .	63	6
Moreover , we present evidence that the fidelity of replication opposite O6-methylguanine adducts of both the leading and lagging strands is not affected by the 3 ' flanking base .	61	611	6
The hypermutated strand was the leading strand .	
To test whether the different fidelity of DNA polymerases synthesizing the leading and the lagging strands might contribute to MNU-induced mutation distribution the mutagenesis study was repeated on the shuttle vector pTF-EBV which contains the gpt gene in the inverted orientation .	
The model system is an EBV-derived shuttle vector which replicates in synchrony with the host human cells and carries as marker gene the bacterial gpt gene .	
A preferential distribution of N-methyl-N-nitrosourea ( MNU)-induced mutations in the non transcribed DNA strand of the shuttle vector pF1-EBV was previously reported .	
Semi-conservative replication of double-stranded DNA in eukaryotic cells is an asymmetric process involving leading and lagging strand synthesis and different DNA polymerases .	
We report a study to analyze the effect of these asymmetries when the replication machinery encounters alkylation-induced DNA adducts .	
Liver metastasis of Lewis lung carcinoma cells followed this pattern but this mechanism is not universal as liver colonization by B16F1 melanoma cells did not recruit similar subsets .	1	12
This suggests a potential mechanism by which CBD exerts its effects on KSHV-infected endothelium and supports the further examination of CBD as a novel targeted agent for the treatment of Kaposi sarcoma .	
METHODS We retrospectively analyzed 20 patients treated for adrenal metastasis of HCC by adrenalectomy ( n = 13 ) , transarterial chemoembolization ( TACE ) , or percutaneous ethanol injection therapy ( PEIT ) ( n = 7 ) .	
RESULTS There were no significant differences in cumulative survival rates between patients given adrenalectomy and those given TACE or PEIT , either after completing treatment for primary HCC or after the first treatment for adrenal metastasis .	1	12
PURPOSE Although the adrenal gland is a common site of extrahepatic metastasis from hepatocellular carcinoma ( HCC ) , there are no definitive guidelines for the treatment of adrenal metastasis .	
This study examines the effectiveness of various treatments for this disease .	
CONCLUSION These findings suggest that therapeutic modalities should be chosen according to the clinical features of each individual , including the size of the metastatic tumor , whether there is invasion into the IVC , the function of the remaining liver , and the existence of intra- and/or nonadrenal extrahepatic lesions .	1
Furthermore , intracaval tumor thrombectomy could be indicated for patients with IVC thrombus if they are suitable candidates for surgery .	
Six of seven patients with tumor thrombi in the inferior vena cava ( IVC ) from adrenal metastasis underwent adrenalectomy combined with intracaval thrombectomy , five of whom survived for more than 1 year after surgery , and two of whom are still alive without any recurrence more than 3 years after surgery .	1	12
PEIT showed good results for small adrenal metastasis .	1	12
Interestingly , DYT1 KI animals showed significantly reduced mortality .	
The administration of 50 mg/kg/day of 3-NP caused the death of of wild type animals .	
These results suggest that the expression of PD-L1 can serve as a potent mechanism for potentially immunogenic tumors to escape from host immune responses and that blockade of interaction between PD-1 and PD-L may provide a promising strategy for specific tumor immunotherapy .	2	21
Survey of murine tumor lines revealed that all of the myeloma cell lines examined naturally expressed PD-L1 .	
Growth of the myeloma cells in normal syngeneic mice was inhibited significantly albeit transiently by the administration of anti-PD-L1 Ab in vivo and was suppressed completely in the syngeneic PD-1-deficient mice .	
Transgenic expression of PD-L1 , one of the PD-L , in P815 tumor cells rendered them less susceptible to the specific T cell antigen receptor-mediated lysis by cytotoxic T cells in vitro , and markedly enhanced their tumorigenesis and invasiveness in vivo in the syngeneic hosts as compared with the parental tumor cells that lacked endogenous PD-L .	
Both effects could be reversed by anti-PD-L1 Ab .	
PD-1 is a receptor of the Ig superfamily that negatively regulates T cell antigen receptor signaling by interacting with the specific ligands ( PD-L ) and is suggested to play a role in the maintenance of self-tolerance .	
In the present study , we examined possible roles of the PD-1/PD-L system in tumor immunity .	
The proportion of CD4+CD25+/CD4+ spleen lymphocytes of tumor bearing mice ( 18.8% � 1.26% ) was found to be significantly higher than that in normal mice ( 9.99% � 1.90% ) ( P<0.01 ) .	2	21
Immunohistochemistry of spleen tissue also confirmed that there was an increase in Treg in tumor-bearing mice , while in carcinomas it showed Treg cells to be present in tumor infiltrating lymphocyte areas while Granzyme B was rarely observed .	
A BABL/C mouse with HCC in situ model was established to evaluate the Treg existence in carcinoma tissues and the changes of Tregs in spleen using flow cytometry and immunohistochemistry methods .	
Granzyme B expression in carcinoma tissues was analyzed by immunohistochemistry to investigate the tumor local immune status .	
Tregs with unique capacity for immune inhibition can impair anti-tumour immunity and help tumor cells to escape from immune surveillance .	
The aim of our study was to investigate whether Tregs are involved in hepatocellular carcinoma ( HCC ) .	
The CD4+CD25+ regulatory T cell ( Treg ) is a special kind of T cell subset .	
Studies have showed that Treg cells are involved in a number of physiological processes and pathologic conditions such as autoimmune diseases , transplantation tolerance and cancer .	
Because furin inhibition inhibits both invasiveness and cell growth in astrocytoma , furin should be considered a promising target for glioblastoma therapy .	11	1
Array-CGH analysis revealed five patients with interstitial 1p36 microdeletion ( four de novo and one maternal ) and two patients with de novo reciprocal duplication of different sizes .	
These were the first reported " pure " 1p36 microduplication cases so far .	
Three of our patients carrying the 1p36 microdeletion syndrome were also found to have additional pathogenetic aberrations .	
High resolution oligonucleotide array Comparative Genome Hybridization technology ( array-CGH ) has greatly assisted the recognition of the 1p36 contiguous gene deletion syndrome .	
The 1p36 deletion syndrome is considered to be one of the most common subtelomeric microdeletion syndromes and has an incidence of in 5000 live births , while respectively the " pure " 1p36 microduplication has not been reported so far .	
We present seven new patients who were referred for genetic evaluation due to Developmental Delay ( DD ) , Mental Retardation ( MR ) , and distinct dysmorphic features .	
They all had a wide phenotypic spectrum .	
These findings ( del 3q27.1 ; del 4q21.22-q22.1 ; del 16p13.3 ; dup 21q21.2-q21.3 ; del Xp22.12 ) might contribute to the patients ' severe phenotype , acting as additional modifiers of their clinical manifestations .	
We review and compare the clinical and array-CGH findings of our patients to previously reported cases with the aim of clearly delineating more accurate genotype-phenotype correlations for the 1p36 syndrome that could allow for a more precise prognosis .	
Accordingly , little is known about the repair pathways used by archaeal cells at high temperature .	
Extensive biochemical and structural analyses have been performed on the putative DNA repair proteins of hyperthermophilic archaea , in contrast to the few genetic analyses of the genes encoding these proteins .	
We succeeded in isolating null mutants of the hjc , hef , hjm , xpb , and xpd genes , but not the radA , rad50 , mre11 , herA , nurA , and xpg/fen1 genes .	
Here , we attempted to disrupt the genes encoding the potential repair proteins in the genome of the hyperthermophilic archaeon Thermococcus kodakaraensis .	
The hjm null mutant showed sensitivity specifically to mitomycin C. On the other hand , the null mutants of the hjc gene lacked increasing sensitivity to any type of DNA damage .	
Phenotypic analyses of the gene-disrupted strains showed that the xpb and xpd null mutants are only slightly sensitive to ultraviolet ( UV ) irradiation , methyl methanesulfonate ( MMS ) and mitomycin C ( MMC ) , as compared with the wild-type strain .	
Deletion of the entire hef gene or of the segments encoding either its nuclease or helicase domain produced similar phenotypes .	
The Hef protein is particularly important for maintaining genome homeostasis , by functioning in the repair of a wide variety of DNA damage in T. kodakaraensis cells .	62	6
These damage-sensitivity profiles suggest that the archaeal DNA repair system has processes depending on repair-related proteins different from those of eukaryotic and bacterial DNA repair systems using homologous repair proteins analyzed here .	62	6
The high sensitivity of the Δhef mutants to MMC suggests that Hef performs a critical function in the repair process of DNA interstrand cross-links .	62	6
RC21v3 chemosensitized Saccharomyces cerevisiae strains overexpressing CaCdr1p but not other fungal ABC transporters , the C. albicans MFS transporter CaMdr1p or the azole target enzyme CaErg11p , to FLC .	
RC21v3 also chemosensitized clinical C. albicans isolates overexpressing CaCDR1 to FLC , even when CaCDR2 was overexpressed .	
Specific targeting of CaCdr1p by RC21v3 was confirmed by spontaneous RC21v3 chemosensitization-resistant suppressor mutants of S. cerevisiae expressing CaCdr1p .	
The suppressor mutations introduced a positive charge beside , or within , extracellular loops 1 , 3 , 4 and 6 of CaCdr1p or an aromatic residue near the extracytoplasmic end of transmembrane segment 5 .	
The mutations did not affect CaCdr1p localization or CaCdr1p ATPase activity but some increased susceptibility to the CaCdr1p substrates FLC , rhodamine 6G , rhodamine 123 and cycloheximide .	
The suppressor mutations showed that the drug-like CaCdr1p inhibitors FK506 , enniatin , milbemycin \u03b111 and milbemycin \u03b29 have modes of action similar to RC21v3 .	
Transient transfection experiments performed on moderately growing human lung fibroblasts ( 50% of confluence ) showed that overexpression of ICBP90 is associated with an elevation of topoisomerase II alpha expression and an increase of the cell proliferation rate .	
In highly proliferating human lung fibroblasts ( 20% confluence ) overexpression of ICBP90 had no effect .	
We have recently identified ICBP90 as being a protein able to bind in vitro a CCAAT box of the topoisomerase II alpha gene promoter .	
The aim of the present work was to check whether ICBP90 is able to regulate in vivo topoisomerase II alpha expression in human lung fibroblasts under various proliferating conditions .	
In contrast , in non-proliferating fibroblasts ( 100% confluence ) overexpression of ICBP90 allowed recovery of topoisomerase II alpha expression levels with a concomitant overgrowth of confluent cell cultures .	
Our results show that ICBP90 regulates topoisomerase II alpha expression and is able to overcome cell contact inhibition signaling , suggesting that increased ICBP90 expression may be involved in carcinogenesis .	5	52
Consistently , GOH-treated skin tumors showed reduced expression of Bcl-2 and increased expression of Bax in these lesions .	8	81
Thus , it was concluded that GOH inhibits DMBA/TPA-mediated skin tumorigenesis by attenuating the Ras proliferation pathway and inducing pro-apoptotic state via inhibition of oxidative stress response and inflammation .	a21	a2	a	8	81
We found that GOH treatment significantly inhibited the tumor incidence and number of tumors ( P < 0.001 ) and extended the latency period from 4 weeks in DMBA/TPA treatment group to 10 weeks in GOH-pretreated mice .	
Furthermore , we observed that GOH treatment significantly suppressed the Ras/Raf/ERK1/2 signaling pathway in skin tumor .	
The topical treatment of GOH , 30 min prior to TPA ( 2 µg per 200 µl of acetone ) treatment significantly inhibited TPA-induced skin edema , hyperplasia , COX-2 induction and oxidative stress response .	a21	a2	a
The GOH treatment also resulted in reduction of TPA-induced ornithine decarboxylase activity and [ (3) H ] thymidine incorporation by 53% ( P < 0.001 ) and 41% ( P < 0.001 ) , respectively .	
Geraniol ( GOH ) , a naturally occurring monoterpene , has been shown to have antiproliferative , cell cycle arrest and apoptosis-inducing effects , and represents a promising cancer chemopreventive agent .	
In the present study , we investigated the chemopreventive potential of GOH ( 50 and 100 mg kg(-1) body weight ) against 7,12-dimethylbenz[a]anthracene ( DMBA)/12-O-tetradecanoylphorbol 13-acetate ( TPA)-mediated skin tumorigenesis in Swiss albino mice .	
This is a novel Nek8 mutation that occurs within the regulator of chromosome condensation 1 ( RCC1)-like region of the protein .	
Targeted genome capture and next-generation sequencing of this region identified a non-synonymous mutation R650C in the NIMA ( never in mitosis gene a)- related kinase 8 ( Nek8 ) gene .	
The rat Nek8 gene is located in a region syntenic to portions of human chromosome 17 and mouse 11 .	
Specifically , the R650C substitution is located within a G[QRC]LG repeat motif of the predicted seven bladed beta-propeller structure of the RCC1 domain .	
NPHP is characterized by abnormal and/or loss of function of proteins associated with primary cilia .	
BACKGROUND Nephronophthisis ( NPHP ) as a cause of cystic kidney disease is the most common genetic cause of progressive renal failure in children and young adults .	
RESULTS In this study , quantitative trait locus analysis was used to define a Mbp region on rat chromosome 10q25 harbouring the lpk mutation .	
Previously , we characterized an autosomal recessive phenotype of cystic kidney disease in the Lewis Polycystic Kidney ( LPK ) rat .	
We conclude that CsA slows cell cycle progression and induces necroptosis of human carcinoma cell lines in a TGFβ- , NFAT- , NFκB- and PI3K/mTOR-independent fashion .	91	9
Nevertheless , our data suggest that CsA , in addition to its anti-inflammatory capacity , may target transformed colon and esophagus carcinoma cells without affecting non-transformed cells , promoting beneficial tumoristatic effects .	a	a2
CONCLUSIONS When assessed relative to other Nek8 NPHP mutations , our results indicate the whole propeller structure of the RCC1 domain is important , as the different mutations cause comparable phenotypes .	
Scanning electron microscopy confirmed abnormally long cilia on LPK kidney epithelial cells , and fluorescence immunohistochemistry for Nek8 protein revealed altered cilia localisation .	
Formononetin is a novel herbal isoflavonoid isolated from Astragalus membranaceus , a medicinal plant that possesses antitumorigenic properties .	
Our previous findings demonstrated that formononetin initiates growth-inhibitory and pro-apoptotic activities in human colon cancer cells .	
In the present study , we aimed to further examine the potential of formononetin in controlling angiogenesis and tumor cell invasiveness in human colon cancer cells and tumor xenografts .	
The results showed that formononetin downregulated the expression of the key pro-angiogenic factors , including vascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF ) and matrix metalloproteinases .	71	7	711
We also discovered that the invasiveness of metastatic colon cancer cells was alleviated following drug treatment .	1
The potential anti-angiogenic effect of formononetin was examined in nude mouse xenografts .	
The tumor size and the number of proliferating cells were reduced in the tumor tissues obtained from the formononetin-treated group .	
The serum VEGF level was also reduced in the drug-treated animals when compared to the controls .	71	7	711
These findings suggest that formononetin inhibits angiogenesis and tumor cell invasion , and thus support its use in the treatment of advanced and metastatic colon cancers .	1	7	71
These cells increased in number dramatically during establishment of liver metastases and were recruited from bone marrow by tumor-derived CCL2 .	1	12
Depletion of the CD11b/Gr1(mid) subset in a transgenic CD11b-diphtheria toxin receptor mouse model markedly reduced tumor cell proliferation .	
Inhibition of CCL2 signaling and absence of its cognate receptor CCR2 reduced CD11b/Gr1(mid) recruitment and decreased tumor burden .	
Myeloid cells play pivotal roles in the metastatic process , but their prometastatic functions in liver metastasis remain incompletely understood .	
Liver metastasis from colorectal cancer is a leading cause of cancer mortality .	
Among the heterogeneous myeloid infiltrate , we identified a distinct population of CD11b/Gr1(mid) cells different from other myeloid populations previously associated with liver metastasis .	
To investigate their role , we simulated liver metastasis in C57BL/6 mice through intrasplenic inoculation of MC38 colon carcinoma cells .	
Unexpectedly , the quantitative loss of MALAT1 did neither affect proliferation nor cell cycle progression nor nuclear architecture in human lung or liver cancer cells .	91	9
There was no evidence of neo-functionalization in the salmonid fabp7bI and fabp7bII genes based on dN/dS ratios and an examination of amino acid substitutions .	
Atlantic salmon fabp7bI and fabp7bII genes are both expressed broadly like fabp7b expression in northern pike .	
We showed , in several human cancer cell lines ( such as Jurkat , HeLa , U937 ) , that glucose removal or the use of nonmetabolizable form of glucose ( 2-deoxyglucose ) dramatically enhances apoptosis induced by Fas or by tumor necrosis factor-related apoptosis-inducing ligand .	
In this study , we identified the signaling pathway initiated by glycolysis inhibition that results in sensitization to death receptor ( DR)-induced apoptosis .	8	31	81	3
This specificity could be used to preferentially kill these cells .	
Most cancer cells exhibit increased glycolysis for generation of their energy supply .	
Therefore , our results show a novel mechanism for the sensitization to DR-induced apoptosis linking glucose metabolism to Mcl-1 downexpression .	8	31	81	3
Interestingly , we determined that , upon glycolysis inhibition , the AMPK-mTOR pathway controlled Mcl-1 levels neither through transcriptional nor through posttranslational mechanism but rather by controlling its translation .	
We established the fact that AMPK is activated upon glycolysis block resulting in mammalian target of rapamycin ( mTOR ) inhibition leading to Mcl-1 decrease , but no other Bcl-2 anti-apoptotic members .	31	3
The requirement for alpha-helical transcriptional effector domains is similar to the oncogenic contributions of unrelated MLL partners ENL and ELL , suggesting a general mechanism of myeloid leukemogenesis by a subset of MLL fusion proteins , possibly through specific recruitment of the transcriptional machinery .	
However , transcriptional activation per se was not sufficient because a second activation domain of AF10 was neither required nor competent for transformation .	
Similarly , the minimal oncogenic domain of AF10 exhibited transcriptional activation properties when fused to the MLL or GAL4 DNA-binding domains , while neither helical domain alone did .	
Neither helical domain alone mediated immortalization , and deletion of the 29-amino acid leucine zipper within this region completely abrogated transforming activity .	4	41
Structure/function analysis showed that a highly conserved 82-amino acid portion of AF10 , comprising 2 adjacent alpha-helical domains , was sufficient for immortalizing activity when fused to MLL .	4	41
Furthermore , MLL-AF10-transduced cells rapidly induced acute myeloid leukemia in syngeneic or severe combined immunodeficiency recipient mice .	
In this report , we demonstrate that retroviral-mediated transduction of an MLL-AF10 complementary DNA into primary murine myeloid progenitors enhanced their clonogenic potential in serial replating assays and led to their efficient immortalization at a primitive stage of myeloid differentiation .	
The latter codes for a novel leucine zipper protein , one of many MLL fusion partners of unknown function .	
The t(10;11)(p12;q23) chromosomal translocation in human acute myeloid leukemia results in the fusion of the MLL and AF10 genes .	
Rapid leukaemogenesis by Nup98-HoxA9 may therefore result from both the intrinsic functions of Nup98-HoxA9 , as well as of those of coexpressed HOX and MEIS1 genes .	4	41
We observed increased upregulation of costimulatory molecules as well as enhanced secretion of IFN-alpha from dendritic cells in response to DNA from aged donors as compared to DNA from young donors when it was delivered intracellularly via Lipofectamine .	
Investigations into the mechanisms revealed that DNA from aged subjects is not degraded , neither is it more damaged compared to DNA from young subjects .	
However , there is significantly decreased global level of methylation suggesting that age-associated hypomethylation of the DNA may be the cause of its increased immunogenicity .	2	21
Increased immunogenicity of self DNA may thus be another mechanism that may contribute to the increase in age-associated chronic inflammation , autoimmunity and cancer .	a1	a2	a
Chronic inflammation , increased reactivity to self-antigens and incidences of cancer are hallmarks of aging .	
However , the underlying mechanisms are not well understood .	
Age-associated alterations in the DNA either due to oxidative damage , defects in DNA repair or epigenetic modifications such as methylation that lead to mutations and changes in the expression of genes are thought to be partially responsible .	
Here we report that epigenetic modifications in aged DNA also increase its immunogenicity rendering it more reactive to innate immune system cells such as the dendritic cells .	2	21
Finally , MCT4(+) and TO MM20(-) " glycolytic " cancer cells were rarely observed , indicating that the conventional " Warburg effect " does not frequently occur in cancer-positive lymph node metastases .	1	31	12	3
The carcinogenic potential of metals is a major issue in defining human health risk from exposure .	
Until now , the regulation of this pathway was restricted to the transmembrane class of adenylyl cyclases .	
The soluble hexavalent chromium Cr ( VI ) used in industrial welding is an environmental contaminant widely recognized to act as a carcinogen , mutagen and teratogen towards humans and animals .	
DNA repair inhibition was also analyzed by assessing XPD gene polymorphism .	
In the present investigation , 93 welders and 60 control subjects with similar mean ages , smoking prevalences and alcohol consumption were enrolled for DNA damage analysis in blood leucocytes by Micronucleus assay ( MN ) and the Comet assay .	
Identification of new modulators of p53-p53 and p53-Mdm2 interactions will be useful to achieve synergistic drug efficacy with currently used anti-tumor therapies .	
Results indicated that the welders had a larger mean comet tail length than that of the controls ( P<0.05 ) .	
The results clearly show that the comet tail is formed by extended DNA loops : the loop extension , being reversible when the DNA torsional constraint remains in the loops , is favored when the constraint is relaxed .	612	61	6
However , in contrast to E6 , mutant p53 was unable to induce transformation or trans activate the adenovirus E2 promoter in NIH 3T3 cells .	
The concentration of IFN-gamma that effectively inhibited the proliferation of BALM-3 cells was 1/40 of that required for BALM-1 cells .	
When cells were incubated in the presence of both interferon-gamma ( IFN-gamma ) and all-trans retinoic acid ( ATRA ) , the concentration of IFN-gamma required to induce apoptosis of B-cell lymphoma cells was much lower than that required for myeloid or erythroid cell lines .	8	81
STAT-1 phosphorylation , IRF-1 mRNA and protein expression and RAR-beta expression were enhanced to a greater degree in BALM-3 cells treated with IFN-gamma and ATRA than in BALM-1 cells treated with IFN-gamma and ATRA , suggesting that these IFN-gamma related genes were involved in the induction of apoptosis of BALM-3 cells .	
Recent studies have reported the anti-tumor effects of the AhR in breast cancer .	
The aryl hydrocarbon receptor ( AhR ) is a ligand-activated transcription factor .	
These results suggest the usefulness of quercetin in studies of the regulation of late G1 phase .	9	51	511	5	91
A [ 35S]methionine-labeled M(r) 60,000 protein disappeared in quercetin-treated cells and was rapidly synthesized after removal of quercetin , suggesting the possibility that the M(r) 60,000 protein induces DNA synthesis after the cell is released from a quercetin block .	
Mimosine and aphidicolin did not inhibit the expression of cyclin A or p34cdc2 , whereas all three reagents inhibited expression of cyclin B. Low concentrations of the protein inhibitor cycloheximide inhibited release of the quercetin but not the mimosine or aphidicolin block .	
Comparison of the quercetin arrest points with those of the cell cycle inhibitors aphidicolin and mimosine revealed a temporal order of arrest points in G1 of quercetin , mimosine , and aphidicolin .	511	5	51
Expression of the growth-related genes histone H4 , cyclin A and B , and p34cdc2 was suppressed in cells blocked with quercetin .	
Quercetin reversibly blocked the cell cycle at a point 3-6 h before the start of DNA synthesis .	511	5	51
The effect of quercetin , a flavonoid found in many plants , on the proliferation of human leukemic T-cells was analyzed .	
In contrast to the neutral comet assay , the alkaline comet assay is not related to the chromatin loops .	612	61	6
In this study , we investigated the anti-tumor effect of AhR activation based on the cancer stem cell hypothesis .	
In addition , we also demonstrate that AhR activation regulates self-renewal signaling by down-regulating Wnt/β-catenin and Notch .	
In colon cancer cell lines where the expression of PK-R1 and 2 was confirmed , stimulation with EG-VEGF increased cell invasion a maximum of times .	
Furthermore , an increase in the mRNA and protein expression of MMP-2 , -7 and -9 was observed .	
In addition , we investigated the mRNA expression of matrix metalloproteinase ( MMP)-2 , -7 and -9 in cancer cells .	
Finally , the EG-VEGF receptor on the colon cancer cell membrane was blocked by anti-PK-R1 and -PK-R2 antibodies to study whether cell invasion ability would be altered .	
Colon cancer cell lines ( DLD-1 and HCT116 ) with high expression of prokineticin receptor ( PK-R ) 1 and 2 were stimulated with the EG-VEGF protein .	
We suggest that the kinetic approach can be considered as an important improvement of the comet assay .	612	61	6
Furthermore , Matrigel cell invasion assay was performed to examine the changes in cancer cell invasion .	
Endocrine gland-derived vascular endothelial growth factor ( EG-VEGF ) has recently been identified as one of the vascular endothelial growth factors , and it is considered that the overexpression of EG-VEGF in colon cancer is related to hepatic metastasis .	
In this study , we report our recent novel findings of the involvement of EG-VEGF in cell invasion of colon cancer cells .	
Taken together , these results suggest that EEAR inhibits the growth of the HCT-116 cells through induction of G2/M cell cycle arrest and apoptosis , which are mediated by p53 expression .	9	51	511	5	91	8	81
EEAR-induced apoptosis in HCT-116 cells was dependent on p53 expression , as determined by siRNA-mediated p53 knockdown .	8	81
BACKGROUND Helicobacter pylori is the main risk factor for the development of non-cardia gastric cancer .	
Increased proliferation of the gastric mucosa is a feature of H. pylori infection .	
Mucosal interkeukin-1beta production is increased in H. pylori infection and IL-1beta genotypes associated with increased pro-inflammatory activity are risk factors for the development of gastric cancer .	
The effect of IL-1beta on gastric epithelial cell proliferation has been examined in this study .	
METHODS AGS cells were cultured with IL-1beta .	
DNA synthesis was assed by [ 3H]thymidine incorporation and total viable cell numbers by MTT assay .	
RESULTS IL-1beta dose dependently increased DNA synthesis and cell numbers .	9	92
The enhanced proliferation was blocked by interleukin-1 receptor antagonist .	9	93
Addition of neutralising antibody to GM-CSF reduced IL-1beta-stimulated proliferation by 31 +/- 4 % .	
GM-CSF alone significantly stimulated proliferation .	
The aim of this study was to determine the anticancer effect of the ethanol extract of A. radix ( EEAR ) on HCT-116 human colon cancer cells and to investigate its underlying mechanisms of action .	
Intestinal tumorigenesis increased after administration of azoxymethane to Gucy2c(-/-) mice , compared with wild-type mice , but was eliminated in Gucy2c(-/-)Akt1(-/-) mice .	
Our purpose in this randomized , double blind , placebo controlled study was to find out the possible effect of a polyphenolic pine bark extract , Pycnogenol® ( Pyc ) on the level of 8-oxo-7,8-dihydroguanine ( 8-oxoG ) as representative of oxidative damage to DNA and on the DNA repair ability of elderly people .	
By combining genetic and immunophenotypic markers , we can divide patients into distinct prognostic groups with important implications for prognostic stratification and risk-adapted therapy .	
CD56 remained an independent predictor for lower CR rate ( P = .021 ) and shorter event-free survival ( P = .002 ) .	
Our data highlight the prognostic importance of both genetic and immunophenotypic characteristics in this population of elderly patients with newly diagnosed normal karyotype acute myeloid leukemia .	
Although prostate cancer ( CaP ) is the most frequently diagnosed malignant tumor in American men , the mechanisms underlying the development and progression of CaP remain largely unknown .	
Among the 23 patients with EGFR mutation , ORR was 73.9% ( 17/23 ) , and DCR was 95.7% ( 22/23 ) .	63	6
Thirty six patients ( 61.0% ) achieved remission of symptoms to varying degrees .	
The main symptoms relieved were cough , asthmatic suffocating , pain and hoarseness .	
The major adverse events were mild skin rash ( 35.6% ) and diarrhea ( 15.3% ) .	
OBJECTIVE To explore the efficacy and side effects of icotinib hydrochloride in the treatment of patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer ( NSCLC ) .	
METHODS The efficacy and side effects of icotinib hydrochloride in treatment of 59 cases with stage IV NSCIC and followed-up from March 2009 to January 2012 were retrospectively analyzed .	
RESULTS Twenty seven patients ( 45.8% ) showed partial response ( PR ) , 17 patients ( 28.8% ) achieved SD , and 15 ( 25.4% ) had progressive disease .	
The objective response rate ( ORR ) was 45.8% ( 27/59 ) , and disease control rate ( DCR ) was 74.6% ( 44/59 ) .	
Others were dry skin , nausea and stomach problems .	
The efficacy of icotinib hydrochloride were related to the ECOG performance status , smoking history , EGFR mutation and rash significantly ( P < 0.05 ) .	63	6
Suppression of sAC activity by treatment with the sAC-specific inhibitor KH7 or by sAC-specific knockdown mediated by siRNA or shRNA transfection prevented the proliferation of prostate carcinoma cells , led to lactate dehydrogenase release , and induced apoptosis .	8	81
Our data showed that CXCL17-expressing tumor cells increased immature CD11b(+)Gr1(+) myeloid-derived cells at tumor sites in mice and promoted CD31(+) tumor angiogenesis .	7	71
However , the relationship between autophagy and apoptosis in response to Ca(2+) level elevation is poorly understood .	
Extensive chemotactic assays proved that CXCL17-responding cells were CD11b(+)Gr1(high)F4/80(-) cells ( ≈ 90% ) with a neutrophil-like morphology in vitro .	
Although CXCL17 expression could not increase the number of CD11b(+)Gr1(+) cells in tumor-burdened SCID mice or promote metastases of low metastatic colon cancer cells , the existence of CXCL17-responding myeloid-derived cells caused a striking enhancement of xenograft tumor formation .	1	12
CONCLUSIONS/SIGNIFICANCE These results suggest that aberrant expression of CXCL17 in tumor cells recruits immature myeloid-derived cells and promotes tumor progression through angiogenesis .	7	71
BACKGROUND Chemokines are involved in multiple aspects of pathogenesis and cellular trafficking in tumorigenesis .	
The ability to repress expression of miR221/222 is shared by apoE3-containing HDL but is absent from apoA-1 , LDL and apoE-depleted HDL .	
In this study , we report that the latest member of the C-X-C-type chemokines , CXCL17 ( DMC/VCC-1 ) , recruits immature myeloid-derived cells and enhances early tumor progression .	
METHODOLOGY/PRINCIPAL FINDINGS CXCL17 was preferentially expressed in some aggressive types of gastrointestinal , breast , and lung cancer cells .	
CXCL17 expression did not impart NIH3T3 cells with oncogenic potential in vitro , but CXCL17-expressing NIH3T3 cells could form vasculature-rich tumors in immunodeficient mice .	7	71
Alterations of the epidermal growth factor receptor ( EGFR ) gene are common in some forms of cancer and the most frequent is a deletion of exons 2-7 .	
We have previously shown that this mutant receptor , called DeltaEGFR , confers enhanced tumorigenicity to glioblastoma cells through elevated proliferation and reduced apoptotic rates of the tumor cells in vivo .	
To understand the molecular mechanisms that underlie DeltaEGFR-enhanced proliferation , we examined the gene products that control cell cycle progression .	
We found that levels of the cyclin-dependent kinase ( CDK ) inhibitor , p27 , were lower in U87MG.DeltaEGFR tumors than in parental U87MG or control U87MG.DK tumors .	511	5	51
Withdrawal of NK cells in the high invasive tumor areas also reminds the necessity of certain shared genetic rearrangements in tumor cells for getting protected from NK cell attacks and moving ahead within the extracellular matrix .	
In addition , activated phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase ( PI3-K ) and phosphorylated Akt levels were also elevated in the U87MG.DeltaEGFR tumors .	9	92
U87MG.DeltaEGFR cells failed to arrest in G(1) in response to serum starvation in vitro and while maintaining high levels of PI3-K activity and hyperphosphorylated RB .	9	51	511	5	91
Treatment of U87MG.DeltaEGFR cells with LY294002 , a PI3-K inhibitor , caused reduced levels of phosphorylated Akt and concomitantly up-regulated levels of p27 .	
Expression of a kinase dead dominant-negative Akt mutant in the U87MG.DeltaEGFR cells similarly resulted in up-regulation of p27 and down-regulation of tumorigenicity in vivo .	511	5	51
The results showed that the density of CD57+cells ( NK cells ) was statistically lower in tumors graded as poor prognostic group compared to the cases in good prognostic group .	
On the contrary , expression level of TNFalpha was statistically higher in poor prognostic group .	
These findings suggested that increased secretion of TNFalpha in the tumors , which show high invasive potential , may be one of the facilitating factors for tumor invasion and be responsible from suppression of NK cells .	11	1
This research aims to give a new insight to the relationship between host local immune response and the biological behaviour of the tumor by evaluating of intratumoral natural killer ( NK ) cells and tumor necrosis factor-alpha ( TNFalpha ) expressions in oral squamous cell carcinomas .	
New paraffin sections of the deepest parts of the 46 cases of oral squamous cell carcinomas were immunohistochemically treated by CD57 , selected as NK cell indicator , and TNFalpha monoclonal antibodies .	
The tumors were graded according to histopathologic grading scores of invasive margins and categorized into 2 groups as " good " and " poor " prognostic groups .	
Fifteen cases , from which could be obtained full clinical data , were clinically staged and because of the scarcity of the cases in each group were divided , again , two groups as group 1 : stage I+stage II and group 2 : stage III+stage IV .	
Since carbidopa is clinically approved , it may be readily used as a novel therapeutic strategy to suppress aberrant AR activity and delay prostate cancer progression .	
Our study is a first time demonstration that carbidopa can abrogate DDC-coactivation of AR in prostate cancer cells and tumors , decrease serum PSA , reduce tumor growth and delay CR progression .	
Here , we provide the necessary proof of concept , that it is possible to metabolically create a non-permissive or " hostile " stromal microenvironment , which actively prevents tumor engraftment in vivo .	
L-Dopa decarboxylase ( DDC ) is an AR coactivator that increases in expression with disease progression and is coexpressed with the receptor in prostate adenocarcinoma cells , where it may enhance AR activity .	
The androgen receptor ( AR ) plays a central role in prostate cancer progression to the castration-resistant ( CR ) lethal state .	
Treating LNCaP prostate cancer cells with carbidopa in transcriptional assays suppressed the enhanced AR transactivation seen with DDC overexpression and decreased prostate-specific antigen ( PSA ) mRNA levels .	
Here , we hypothesize that the DDC enzymatic inhibitor , carbidopa , can suppress DDC-coactivation of AR and retard prostate tumor growth .	
The inhibitory effect of carbidopa on DDC-coactivation of AR and cell growth/survival was also observed in PC3 prostate cancer cells ( stably expressing AR ) .	
Carbidopa dose-dependently inhibited cell growth and decreased survival in LNCaP cell proliferation and apoptosis assays .	9	81	8
In castrated mice , treating LNCaP tumors , expressing endogenous DDC , with carbidopa delayed progression to the CR state from 6 to 10 weeks , while serum PSA and tumor growth decreased 4.3-fold and 5.4-fold , respectively .	
In vivo studies demonstrated that serum PSA velocity and tumor growth rates elevated ∼2-fold in LNCaP xenografts , inducibly overexpressing DDC , were reverted to control levels with carbidopa administration .	
No host side effects were apparent.This could represent a viable cellular strategy for preventing and treating a variety of human cancers .	
Recently , nucleases from yeast ( Yen1 ) and human cells ( GEN1 ) were identified that can resolve HJ intermediates , in a manner analogous to the E. coli HJ resolvase RuvC .	
Our results directly show that TNF-alpha functions as a potent tumor suppressor .	
The use of a tissue-selective estrogen complex ( TSEC ) has been proposed as a novel menopausal hormone therapy strategy to eliminate the requirement for a progestogen .	
For this purpose , we recombinantly overexpressed TNF-alpha in human breast cancer cells ( MDA-MB-231 ) or human immortalized fibroblasts ( hTERT-BJ1 ) .	
Using mutants of hTERT that induce varying levels of telomerase activity , we show that there does indeed exist a threshold of activity required for the processes of immortalization , transformation and tumourigenesis .	4	41
As the functional significance of low levels of telomerase activity is unclear , we investigated whether there is a minimum level of telomerase activity required for tumourigenesis .	
However , the levels of telomerase activity detected in tumour samples can vary substantially and even some normal somatic cells have been found to have low levels of enzyme activity .	
Indeed , in the thousands of different human tumours assayed , 85% were scored positive for telomerase activity .	
While hTR is ubiquitously expressed in human cells , the hTERT subunit is generally transcriptionally repressed in most normal somatic cells , but is illegitimately activated to restore telomerase activity in cancer cells .	
Human telomerase is minimally composed of the reverse transcriptase subunit hTERT , and the RNA subunit hTR .	
This acquisition of an immortal lifespan usually requires the activation of telomerase , the enzyme that elongates telomeres .	
A hallmark of cancer cells is the ability to proliferate indefinitely .	
In vitro , rofecoxib decreased gene expression of cyclin D1/PRAD1 , a key component of cell cycle progression , while increasing expression of several cell cycle arrest genes , including p21/WAF1 , p33/ING , GADD34 , and GADD45 ( P < 0.05 ) .	9	51	511	5	91
Remarkably , TNF-alpha-expressing breast cancer cells were viable , without any significant increases in their basal apoptotic rate .	8	81
Thus , low levels of activity detected in certain somatic cells would not be expected to contribute to tumourigenesis , nor does the mere detection of telomerase in cancer cells necessarily signify an immortal lifespan .	4	41
Breast cancer incidence is increased in women receiving menopausal hormone therapy with estrogen plus progestin but not with estrogen alone .	
Subsequently cells undergo apoptosis , indicating the major mechanism of the anti-proliferative effect .	8	81
Results of the present study pertaining to the role of miR-18a in regulating autophagy and ATM gene expression in colon cancer cells revealed a novel function for miR-18a in a critical cellular event and on a crucial gene with significant impacts in cancer development , progression , treatment and in other diseases .	82	8
To prove a potential anti-cancer activity of PDA-66 we examined the effect of PDA-66 on human SH-SY5Y neuroblastoma and A-459 lung cancer cells , showing a significant reduction in cancer cell proliferation in a dose dependent manner .	
Quercetin significantly decreased the extent of DNA strand breaks in a dose-dependent manner ; 100 microM of quercetin almost completely inhibited the DNA strand breakage .	612	61	6
CE stimulated growth of MCF-7 cells at a peak concentration 10-fold higher than required for E(2) .	
Herein , we show that miR-124 , miR-137 and miR-340 are associated with poor prognosis of colorectal cancer .	
However , the genetic alterations that transform NSCs into glioma-initiating cells remain elusive .	
Thus , VASH1 is a critical factor that improves the stress tolerance of ECs via the induction of SOD2 and SIRT1 .	a21	a2	a
Intratracheal administration of an adenovirus vector encoding human VASH1 augmented SOD2 and SIRT1 expression in the lungs and prevented acute lung injury caused by paraquat .	
To address this issue , we compared estradiol ( E(2) ) and CE alone on proliferation and apoptosis in MCF-7 breast cancer cells .	
Gene expression studies demonstrated that CE and E(2) were equally potent on expression of cMyc , pS2 , and WNT1 inducible signaling pathway protein 2 , whereas the stimulatory effects of CE on progesterone receptor and amphiregulin expression were weaker than E(2) .	
Cancer cells reprogram metabolic pathways to sustain higher proliferation rates .	
In contrast , patients with absent stromal MCT4 expression ( score = 0 ) , had 10-y survival rates of ( p-value < 10 ( -32 ) ) .	
Both CE and E(2) alone increased DNA synthesis and reduced apoptosis with activation of MAPK , Akt , and p70S6K and up-regulation of antiapoptotic factors survivin , Bcl-2 , and X-linked inhibitor of apoptosis protein , These effects could be completely blocked by BZA .	9	81	8
Current treatments for Kaposi sarcoma can inhibit tumor growth but are not able to eliminate KSHV from the host .	
When the host's immune system weakens , KSHV begins to replicate again , and active tumor growth ensues .	
Kaposi sarcoma is the most common neoplasm caused by Kaposi sarcoma-associated herpesvirus ( KSHV ) .	
It is prevalent among the elderly in the Mediterranean , inhabitants of sub-Saharan Africa , and immunocompromised individuals such as organ transplant recipients and AIDS patients .	
CBD is emerging as a novel therapeutic for various disorders , including cancer .	
In this study , we investigated the effects of CBD both on the infection of endothelial cells ( ECs ) by KSHV and on the growth and apoptosis of KSHV-infected ECs , an in vitro model for the transformation of normal endothelium to Kaposi sarcoma .	
New therapeutic approaches are needed .	
Cannabidiol ( CBD ) , a plant-derived cannabinoid , exhibits promising antitumor effects without inducing psychoactive side effects .	
While CBD did not affect the efficiency with which KSHV infected ECs , it reduced proliferation and induced apoptosis in those infected by the virus .	8	81
CBD inhibited the expression of KSHV viral G protein-coupled receptor ( vGPCR ) , its agonist , the chemokine growth-regulated protein α ( GRO-α ) , vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 3 ( VEGFR-3 ) , and the VEGFR-3 ligand , vascular endothelial growth factor C ( VEGF-C ) .	71	7	711
It reduced the level of p-HER2 , p-AKT , p-ERK , and p-STAT3 .	921	93	9	92
KREPB10 also associates with editosomes that are isolated via a chimeric endonuclease , KREN1 in KREPB8 RNA interference ( RNAi ) cells , or MEAT1 .	
The purified complexes have precleaved editing activities and endonuclease cleavage activity that appears to leave a 5 ' OH on the 3 ' product .	
RNAi knockdowns did not affect growth but resulted in relative reductions of both edited and unedited mitochondrial mRNAs .	
The similarity of KREPB9 and KREPB10 to KREPB6 , KREPB7 , and KREPB8 suggests they may be accessory factors that affect editing endonuclease activity and as a consequence may affect mitochondrial mRNA stability .	
Multiprotein complexes , called editosomes , catalyze the uridine insertion and deletion RNA editing that forms translatable mitochondrial mRNAs in kinetoplastid parasites .	
We have identified here two new U1-like zinc finger proteins that associate with editosomes and have shown that they are related to KREPB6 , KREPB7 , and KREPB8 , and thus we have named them Kinetoplastid RNA Editing Proteins , KREPB9 and KREPB10 .	
They are conserved and syntenic in trypanosomatids although KREPB10 is absent in Trypanosoma vivax and both are absent in Leishmania .	
Tandem affinity purification ( TAP)-tagged KREPB9 and KREPB10 incorporate into editosomes and/or subcomplexes thereof and preferentially associate with deletion subcomplexes , as do KREPB6 , KREPB7 , and KREPB8 .	
KREPB9 and KREPB10 , along with KREPB6 , KREPB7 , and KREPB8 , may enable the endonucleases to discriminate among and accurately cleave hundreds of different editing sites and may be involved in the control of differential editing during the life cycle of T. brucei .	
Citral , a mixture of neral and geranial inhibited the proliferation of Ishikawa and ECC-1 cells at an IC(50) 10 �M ( 2.3 �g/ml ) .	
Phenolic compounds such as gingerol and shogaol were not detected in SDGE and 6-gingerol was a weaker inhibitor of the proliferation of the endometrial cancer cells .	
Decreased proliferation of Ishikawa and ECC-1 cells was a direct result of SDGE-induced apoptosis as demonstrated by FITC-Annexin V staining and expression of cleaved caspase 3 .	8	81
GC/MS analysis identified a total of 22 different terpenoid compounds in SDGE , with the isomers neral and geranial constituting 30-40% .	
SDGE , isolated from six different batches of ginger rhizomes , consistently inhibited proliferation of the endometrial cancer cell lines Ishikawa and ECC-1 at IC(50) of 1.25 �g/ml .	
SDGE also enhanced the anti-proliferative effect of radiation and cisplatin .	
Novel strategies are necessary to improve chemotherapy response in advanced and recurrent endometrial cancer .	
Here , we demonstrate that terpenoids present in the Steam Distilled Extract of Ginger ( SDGE ) are potent inhibitors of proliferation of endometrial cancer cells .	
( HEPATOLOGY 2012 ) .	
Conclusion : Collectively , our findings highlight the importance of myeloid cells-in this case a selective CD11b/Gr1(mid) subset-in sustaining development of colorectal cancer liver metastasis and identify a potential target for antimetastatic therapy .	1	12
SDGE was more effective in inducing cancer cell death than citral , suggesting that other terpenes present in SDGE were also contributing to endometrial cancer cell death .	8
SDGE treatment resulted in a rapid and strong increase in intracellular calcium and a 20-40% decrease in the mitochondrial membrane potential .	
Two homologs , MscK ( kefA ) and YbdG , have been characterized as mechanosensitive channels that play minor roles in maintaining cell integrity .	
Conclusion : p53 could regulate radiosensitivity by inhibiting autophagy and activating apoptosis ; autophagy provides a prosurvival mechanism , and p53 potently abrogated the IR-induced autophagy , while mutant 175H shown no effect on radiosensitivity , suggesting that individual treatment strategies should be based on p53 status in patients .	82	81	8
Their N-terminal non-kinase regions are distinct except for Lats conserved domains 1 and 2 ( LCD1 and LCD2 ) , which may be important for Lats1/2-specific functions .	
RESULTS Brivanib alaninate was effective at inhibiting tumour growth in SERM sensitive ( MCF-7 E2 ) and SERM stimulated ( EnCa 101 , MCF-7 Ral , MCF-7 Tam ) models .	
The effect of the low dose drug combination as an anti-tumour strategy for SERM sensitive ( MCF-7 E2 ) in early treatment was as effective as higher doses of either drug used alone .	
In established tumours , the combination is successful at decreasing tumour growth , while neither agent alone is effective .	
Molecular analysis revealed a decreased phosphorylation of VEGFR-2 in tumours that were treated with brivanib alaninate and an increase in VEGFA transcription to compensate for the blockade of VEGFR-2 by increasing the transcription of VEGFA .	
Tamoxifen increases the phosphorylation of VEGFR-2 and this effect is abrogated by brivanib alaninate .	
There was also increased necrosis in tumours treated with brivanib alaninate .	83	8
CONCLUSION Historically , tamoxifen has a role in blocking angiogenesis as well as the blockade of the ER .	9	93	7	71
Tamoxifen and a low dose of an angiogenesis inhibitor , brivanib alaninate , can potentially be combined not only to maximise therapeutic efficacy but also to retard SERM resistant tumour growth .	
Once these mutations are further understood , FAP patients may be able to be risk stratified and this may ultimately improve the screening , diagnosis , and treatment of this rare condition .	63	6
However , like many bacteria , E. coli cells possess other MscS-type genes ( kefA , ybdG , ybiO , yjeP and ynaI ) .	
In UCNT patients , the blockade of the perforin pathway and of IFN-gamma production may constitute important mechanisms for immune escape by the tumor and for impaired control of EBV replication .	
She had no family history of malignancy .	
We have also demonstrated that CD8(+) lymphocytes from UCNT patients had a marked impairment of IFN-gamma secretion and perforin expression .	2	21
This impairment was not related to the presence of detectable EBV DNA in the plasma .	
Our data showed that CD4 and CD8 subset distribution was not grossly altered in the peripheral blood of UCNT patients , while tumor biopsies contained an increased proportion of CD8(+) T cells .	2	21
The analysis of the CD4(+) subset showed a defect in interleukin-2 ( IL-2 ) production and a moderate increase of IL-10 production , a situation consistent with a Th1/Th2 imbalance .	2	21
An efficent antitumor and antiviral cellular immune response requires optimal interferon-gamma ( IFN-gamma ) secretion and perforin expression in CD8(+) T cells .	
The aim of this study was to define whether CD4(+) and CD8(+) T cells from patients with undifferentiated carcinoma of nasopharyngeal type ( UCNT ) , a tumor regularly associated with the Epstein-Barr virus ( EBV ) , have abnormal phenotype profiles , cytokine production , perforin and CD3-zeta expressions .	
In contrast , overexpression of VASH1 made ECs resistant to premature senescence and cell death caused by cellular stresses .	
Knock-down of VASH1 induced premature senescence of ECs , and those ECs were easily killed by cellular stresses .	
We questioned whether VASH1 plays any role besides angiogenesis inhibition , knocked-down or overexpressed VASH1 in ECs , and examined the changes of EC property .	
Vasohibin-1 ( VASH1 ) is isolated as an endothelial cell ( EC)-produced angiogenesis inhibitor .	
Simultaneously , VASH1 augmented the synthesis of sirtuin 1 ( SIRT1 ) , an anti-aging protein , which improved stress tolerance .	
VASH1 increased the expression of ( superoxide dismutase 2 ) SOD2 , an enzyme known to quench reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) .	a21	a2	a
We sought to define the underlying mechanism .	
The synthesis of VASH1 was regulated by HuR-mediated post-transcriptional regulation .	
It has also been incubated with human fibroblasts cultured from bone marrow ( JMA ) .	
To further examine its effect on normal cells , peripheral blood lymphocytes collected from healthy volunteers were incubated with the compound .	
More VASH1 ( +/- ) mice died due to acute lung injury caused by paraquat .	
Paraquat generates ROS and causes organ damage when administered in vivo .	
Based on the results , the most cytotoxic compound ( A1 ) was chosen for further analysis in six human acute leukemia cells and in a human colon adenocarcinoma cell line ( HT-29 ) .	
Since new compounds with biological activity are needed , the aim of this study was to evaluate the cytotoxic effect of three synthetic chalcones , derived from 1-naphthaldehyde and 2-naphthaldehyde , on human acute myeloid leukemia K562 cells and on human acute lymphoblastic leukemia Jurkat cells .	
Recent studies have shown that chalcones and their derivatives induce apoptosis in different cell lines .	
Acute leukemia is a disorder of the hematopoietic system characterized by the expansion of a clonal population of cells blocked from differentiating into mature cells .	
SV40 infection of human fibroblasts did not cause detectable telomerase activity .	
Thus , SV40 infection leads to telomerase activity before the infected mesothelial cells become transformed and immortalized .	4	41
Some Lats1(\u0394N/\u0394N) mice were born safely and grew normally .	
Next , we found that SV40 , a DNA tumor virus present in approximately 50% of mesothelioma biopsies in the USA , induced telomerase activity in primary human mesothelial cells , but not in primary fibroblasts .	
The findings in cell lines paralleled those observed in primary cultures in cases where paired samples were available .	
The amount of telomerase activity increased during passage in cell culture and appeared to parallel increases in the cellular amounts of the SV40 large T-antigen .	
Telomerase activity became detectable as early as 72 h following wild-type ( strain 776 ) SV40 infection , and a clear DNA ladder was detectable 1 week after infection .	
Telomerase activity is repressed in somatic cells and tissues but is activated in immortal and malignant cells .	
Mesotheliomas are malignant tumors of the pleural and peritoneal membranes which are often associated with asbestos exposure and with Simian virus 40 ( SV40 ) infection .	
All the tumor biopsies , and nearly all primary cell mesothelioma cultures and cell lines were telomerase positive .	
We evaluated telomerase activity in seven primary malignant mesothelioma biopsies and matched lung specimens and 20 mesothelioma cell lines and eight corresponding primary tumor cultures .	
Give this result , molecular analysis ofT-cell receptor ( TCR ) gene rearrangements was performed using polymerase chain reaction-based TCR-gamma gene , wit negative results .	
The findings show that the Warburg effect serves a functional role in regulating acidic pericellular pH ( pHe ) , which is mediated by metabolic inversion or a fluctuating dominance between glycolytic-rate substrate level phosphorylation ( SLP ) and mitochondrial ( mt ) oxidative phosphorylation ( OXPHOS ) to control lactic acid production .	31	3
Cervical cancer cells were cultured from tissues derived from cervical cancer patients .	
This study demonstrates that exposing FA-K562 cells to glycine-arginine-glycine-aspartate-serine ( GRGDS ) , a peptide ligand of the FNR , specifically stimulates p34/cdc2- and cyclin A-associated kinase activities .	
This occurs within 2 h of peptide addition .	
The high affinity fibronectin receptor ( FNR ) is expressed by hematopoietic cells , fibroblasts , and proliferating epidermal cells .	
Expression of this integrin is altered by chemical and viral transformation , suggesting that FNR dysfunction may play a role in growth control .	
Increased anchorage-independent growth is subsequently observed in GRGDS-treated FA-K562 cells .	
The control peptide , GRGES , which cannot bind the FNR , has none of these effects .	
The 110-kDa form of the retinoblastoma protein appears within 3 h of GRGDS addition , consistent with activation of a G1/S kinase .	91	9
DNA staining profiles demonstrate that GRGDS induces cell cycle progression within 24 h .	91	9
This genome provides resources and evidence about the nature of defense mechanisms constituting the genetic basis underlying plant abiotic stress tolerance .	
Comparative genomics and experimental analyses identified genes related to cation transport , abscisic acid signaling , and wax production prominent in T. salsuginea as possible contributors to its success in stressful environments .	
This demonstrates that an extracellular integrin ligand can regulate cell proliferation .	9
Furthermore , these results suggest that integrins link the extracellular environment and intracellular growth regulators .	
Quercetin ( 20 mg/kg/d ) significantly reduced the volume and the weight of solid tumors in prostate xenograft mouse model , indicating that quercetin inhibited tumorigenesis by targeting angiogenesis .	7	71
In this study , we provide the first evidence that the repair of a DNA base lesion can also contribute to CAG repeat deletions that were initiated by the formation of hairpins on both the template and the damaged strand of a continuous run of ( CAG)(20 ) or ( CAG)(25 ) repeats .	62	6
Finally , in vivo relevance of B1-cell-induced Mφ polarization was confirmed using the B16 melanoma tumor model where adoptive transfer of B1 cells induced an M2 polarization of tumor-associated Mφ .	
These unexpected findings suggest an interesting relationship between p53 mutation , mammary cell dedifferentiation , and the concomitant acquisition of stemlike properties ( as indicated by the overexpression of PROM1 and NOTCH1 genes ) , which improve tumor cells aggressiveness as indicated by the overexpression of genes associated with cell proliferation ( CDK4 , CDK6 , MKI67 ) and migration ( CXCR4 , MMP1 ) .	11	1	63	6
Collectively , our results define a new mechanism of Mφ polarization wherein B1 cells play a key role in driving Mφ to a unique , but M2-biased phenotype .	
Knocking down FUT1 expression markedly inhibited proliferation of NCI-N87 , which highly expressed EGFR and was sensitive to EGFR deprivation .	9	93
We then characterized these variants biochemically , and observed a modest decrease in DNA glycosylase activity relative to the wild type ( WT ) only with the R257L mutant protein .	
We knocked down FUT1 by short interfering RNA ( siRNA ) in four HER2-overexpressing human cancer cell lines , including NCI-N87 , MKN7 , SKBr3 and BT474 .	
We investigated whether downregulation of LeY and alteration in the glycosylation status of these cells affect cell proliferation and HER2 activation .	
However , the effect of downregulation of LeY expression on cell proliferation in HER2-overexpressing cells remains unknown .	
FUT1 encodes α1,2-fucosyltransferase , a key enzyme for LeY synthesis .	
LewisY ( LeY ) antigen is an oligosaccharide that is highly expressed at the cell surface in various human cancers .	
However , in reconstituted repair assays containing WT NEIL2 or its R257L and R103Q variants together with other DNA base excision repair ( BER ) proteins ( PNKP , Pol\u03b2 , Lig III\u03b1 and XRCC1 ) or using NEIL2-FLAG immunocomplexes , an decrease in repair was observed with the R257L variant compared to WT or R103Q NEIL2 , apparently due to the R257L mutant's lower affinity for other repair proteins , particularly Pol\u03b2 .	
In the first labeling step , 5-hmC in genomic DNA is labeled with a 6-azide-glucose catalyzed by β-GT , a glucosyltransferase from T4 bacteriophage , in a way that transfers the 6-azide-glucose to 5-hmC from the modified cofactor , UDP-6-N3-Glc ( 6-N3UDPG ) .	
This was characterized by downregulated TNF-α , IL-1β and CCL3 , but upregulated IL-10 upon LPS stimulation ; constitutive expression of M2 Mφ markers ( e.g .	
Moreover , the marked downregulation of phosphorylation of HER2 and ERK was observed following short-time EGF-stimulation .	
These effects were not observed in the other three cell lines .	
Knockdown of NFkB or p53 gene dramatically suppressed REDD1 protein expression in these cells , indicating that REDD1 was regulated by both factors .	
Our data demonstrated that REDD1 is a protective factor in radiation-induced osteoblast cell premature senescence .	42	4
Since previous reports demonstrated over-expression of PrxIII in cervical cancer , we conducted the present study to investigate the significance of PrxIII in cervical cancer development and/or progression .	
Adult hematopoietic stem and progenitor cells ( HSPC ) reside in BM next to the endosteal bone surface , which is lined primarily by hematopoietic niche osteoblastic cells .	
Osteoblasts are relatively more radiation-resistant than HSPCs , but the mechanisms are not well understood .	
Radiotherapy is commonly used for cancer treatment .	
However , it often results in side effects due to radiation damage in normal tissue , such as bone marrow ( BM ) failure .	
The PS in irradiated hFOB cells were characterized by significant inhibition of clonogenicity , activation of senescence biomarker SA-\u03b2-gal , and the senescence-associated cytokine secretory phenotype ( SASP ) after 4 or 8 Gy irradiation .	42	4
Immunoprecipitation assays demonstrated that the stress response proteins p53 and nuclear factor \u03ba B ( NFkB ) interacted with REDD1 in hFOB cells .	
In the present study , we demonstrated that the stress response gene REDD1 ( regulated in development and DNA damage responses 1 ) was highly expressed in human osteoblast cell line ( hFOB ) cells after \u03b3 irradiation .	61	6
Knockdown of REDD1 with siRNA resulted in a decrease in hFOB cell numbers , whereas transfection of PCMV6-AC-GFP-REDD1 plasmid DNA into hFOB cells inhibited mammalian target of rapamycin ( mTOR ) and p21 expression and protected these cells from radiation-induced premature senescence ( PS ) .	42	4
The greatest tumour response was obtained in the group which received MISO followed by radiation and was characterised by extensive fibrosis around the tumour and nearly complete tumour necrosis .	83	8
OBJECTIVE The goal of this study was to investigate the relationship between plasma levels of insulin-like growth factors-1 ( IGF-1 ) and IGF-binding protein-3 ( IGFBP-3 ) and the risk for cervical intraepithelial neoplasia ( CIN ) and cervical cancer .	
RESULTS The mean IGF-1 concentrations were significantly different among the control , CIN , and cervical cancer groups ; the levels were higher in the CIN group compared to the controls .	9	92
( 2 ) Reduced or absent deleterious side effects of MISO with higher tumour/normal tissue ratios of drug concentration .	
The IGFBP-3 level showed no association between the controls and CIN groups ( p=0.842 ) .	9	92
According to the quartile category , the plasma IGF-1 level was significantly higher ( p=0.0015 ) in the CIN group than in the controls .	9	92
CONCLUSION Plasma levels of IGF-1 and the IGF-1/IGFBP-3 molar ratio might be useful for the development early detection of cervical lesions and used as an adjuvant diagnostic tool for cervical neoplasia after more larger scale research .	9	92
Although the mean IGF-1/IGFBP-3 molar ratio had borderline significance ( p=0.08 ) among the study population , the quartile comparison showed a significantly higher IGF-1/IGFBP-3 molar ratio in the CIN group compared to the control group ( p=0.041 ) .	9	92
Conversely , adaptive immune cells can also regulate cells of the innate immune system .	
( 3 ) Reduced cost due to the lower dosage of MISO required for regional infusion .	
The pattern and spectra of TP53 mutations often differ between cancer types , perhaps due to different etiological factors .	
The activation of ROS is triggered by the conformation disturbance of lipids , protein , and DNA induced by the exposure of GSM RFEMF .	
Although human PBMC was found to have a self-protection mechanism of releasing carotenoid in response to oxidative stress to lessen the further increase of ROS , the imbalance between the antioxidant defenses and ROS formation still results in an increase of cell death with the exposure time and can cause about 37% human PBMC death in eight hours .	
We demonstrate that reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) plays an important role in the process of apoptosis in human peripheral blood mononuclear cell ( PBMC ) which is induced by the radiation of 900 MHz radiofrequency electromagnetic field ( RFEMF ) at a specific absorption rate ( SAR ) of W/kg when the exposure lasts longer than two hours .	
The apoptosis is induced through the mitochondrial pathway and mediated by activating ROS and caspase-3 , and decreasing the mitochondrial potential .	
BACKGROUND Thymidine phosphorylase ( TYMP ) is an angiogenic factor that has potent chemotactic activity for endothelial cells and is involved in 5-fluorouracil ( 5-FU ) metabolism .	
In colorectal cancer ( CRC ) , previous studies evaluating the relationship between TYMP expression and clinicopathological features have yielded inconsistent results .	
The aim of this study was to investigate the prognostic value of TYMP , its association with other angiogenic factors , proliferation markers and , to our knowledge , for the first time its relationship with extracellular matrix components .	
MATERIALS AND METHODS Formalin-fixed , paraffin-embedded specimens from 97 patients with CRC were immunostained for TYMP , vascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF ) , microvascular density ( CD34 ) , proliferation marker ( Ki-67 ) , proliferating cell nuclear antigen ( PCNA ) , p53 oncoprotein and extracellular matrix components ( collagen type IV , fibronectin , tenascin and laminin ) .	
Survival curves were calculated with the Kaplan-Meier method .	
RESULTS Immunoreactivity was observed in the cytoplasm ( cyt ) and nucleus ( n ) of the tumor cells , as well in the stroma ( st ) , endothelium and tumor-associated macrophages .	
High TYMPcyt expression was observed in 7.2% of the cases , moderate in 22.7% and weak in 59.9% , while 10.3% were negative .	
High TYMPst expression was observed in 58.8% of the cases .	
TYMPcyt expression was correlated with the VEGF expression of tumor cells and VEGF expression of vessels ( p=0.014 and p=0.022 , respectively ) .	71	7	711
We conclude that the predisposition of Msh2 mice to UVB radiation-induced skin cancer reflects an interaction between the processes of mismatch repair and some other excision repair mode , the exact nature of which remains to be established .	62	6
This predisposition is further heightened if the mice are additionally defective for the nucleotide excision repair gene Xpc .	
Mice defective in the mismatch repair ( MMR ) gene Msh2 manifest an enhanced predisposition to skin cancer associated with exposure to UVB radiation .	
Such mice showed a robust proliferative response in the skin , but did not manifest evidence of dysplasia or neoplasia .	
To test the hypothesis that the predisposition of Msh2 mutant mice to skin cancer reflects a mutator phenotype associated with increased proliferation of skin cells following exposure to UV radiation , Msh2 mutant mice were exposed to the tumor promoter TPA .	
By discerning the contributions of key angiogenic chemokines and EPCs , these findings offer valuable mechanistic insight into mouse models of angiogenesis and help to define the intricate interplay between EPC-derived angiogenic cargo factors , EPCs , and the angiogenic target tissue .	7	71
We have identified a role for EPC-derived proangiogenic MIF , VEGF and MIF receptors in EPC recruitment following hypoxia , EPC differentiation and subsequent tube and vessel formation , whereas CXCL12 , a mediator of early EPC recruitment , does not contribute to the remodeling process .	7	71
These factors stimulated the transmigration activity and adhesive capacity of EPCs , with MIF and VEGF exhibiting the strongest effects under hypoxia .	71	7	711
Hypoxia induced an upregulation of CXCR2 and CXCR4 but not CD74 on EPCs and triggered the secretion of CXCL12 , CXCL1 , MIF , and vascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF ) .	71	7	711
Primary murine and murine embryonic EPCs ( eEPCs ) were analyzed for the expression of angiogenic/chemokines and components of the MIF/CXC chemokine receptor axis , focusing on the influence of hypoxic versus normoxic stimulation .	
This study aimed to analyze the role of endothelial progenitor cell ( EPC)-derived angiogenic factors and chemokines in the multistep process driving angiogenesis with a focus on the recently discovered macrophage migration inhibitory factor ( MIF)/chemokine receptor axis .	
Surprisingly , CXCL12 , a chemoattractant for smooth muscle progenitor cells , inhibited SMC differentiation .	
Coloading of plugs with eEPCs led to enhanced tube formation only by CXCL12 , whereas MIF was the only factor which induced differentiation towards an endothelial and smooth muscle cell ( SMC ) phenotype , indicating an angiogenic and differentiation capacity in vivo .	7	71
Tube formation following in vivo implantation utilizing angiogenic factor-loaded Matrigel plugs was only promoted by VEGF .	71	7	711
MIF- , VEGF- , CXCL12- , and CXCL1-stimulated EPCs enhanced tube formation , with MIF and VEGF exhibiting again the strongest effect following hypoxia .	71	7	711
Yeast and Drosophila mutants lacking MPC1 display impaired pyruvate metabolism , with an accumulation of upstream metabolites and a depletion of tricarboxylic acid cycle intermediates .	
Furthermore , K5 down-regulated SDF-1α expression in metastatic lung tissues of LLC-bearing mice .	1	12
K5 also decreased expression of chemokine ( C-X-C motif ) receptor 4 ( CXCR4 ) in LLC cells and grafted tissues .	
However , K5 could significantly inhibit SDF-1α-induced chemotaxis movement of LLC cells and resulted in a great reduction of surface metastatic nodules and micrometastases in the lungs of LLC tumor-bearing mice .	1	12
K5 had no direct effect on proliferation and apoptosis of LLC .	9	81	8
Similarly , K5 could decrease expression of VEGF in LLC cells and grafted tissues and suppress tumor angiogenesis and growth .	71	7	711
The current study investigated the effects and the underlying mechanisms of K5 on both tumor growth and spontaneous pulmonary metastasis in Lewis lung carcinoma ( LLC ) implanted mouse model .	
We had demonstrated that plasminogen kringle 5 ( K5 ) , a potent angiogenic inhibitor , inhibited retinal neovascularization and hepatocellular carcinoma growth by anti-angiogenesis .	
Arecoline was found to elevate MGMT expression in a dose- and time-dependent manner .	62	6
The siRNA of HIF-1α attenuated expression of VEGF and CXCR4 and inhibited LLC migration .	71	7	711
Moreover , the role of hypoxia inducible factor-1α ( HIF-1α ) , a crucial transcriptional factor for both VEGF and CXCR4 expression , was evaluated .	
The addition of nicotine was found to enhance arecoline-induced MGMT expression .	62	6
Mpc1 and Mpc2 associate to form an complex in the inner mitochondrial membrane .	
Even when patients with nonsmall cell lung cancer undergo surgical resection at an early stage , recurrent disease often impairs the clinical outcome .	
There are numerous causes potentially responsible for a relapse of the disease , one of them being extensive angiogenesis .	
The balance of at least two systems , VEGF VEGFR and Ang Tie , regulates vessel formation .	
The aim of this study was to determine the impact of surgery on the plasma levels of the main angiogenic factors during the first month after surgery in nonsmall cell lung cancer patients .	
These data suggest that Schiff base chemistry can mediate DPC formation in vivo following the formation of stable aldehyde-derived DNA adducts .	61	611	6
Adducted DNA cross-linked to Arg-Trp-Arg-Arg and Lys-Trp-Lys-Lys with comparable efficiency , and N(alpha)-acetylation of peptides dramatically inhibited trapping ; thus , the reactive nucleophile is located at the N-terminal alpha-amine of the peptide .	61	611	6
The median of Ang2 and VEGF concentrations increased on postoperative day 7 and decreased on day 30 .	71	7	711
On the other hand , the concentration of sTie2 decreased on the 7th day after resection and did not change statistically later on .	
( 2001 ) J. Biol .	
A previous NMR study demonstrated that duplex DNA catalyzes ring opening for the acrolein-derived gamma-hydroxy-1,N(2)-propanodeoxyguanosine adduct to yield an aldehydic function ( de los Santos , C. , Zaliznyak , T. , and Johnson , F .	
Consistent with this earlier observation , the adducts under investigation were more reactive in duplex DNA than in single-stranded DNA , and we concluded that the ring-open aldehydic moiety is the induced tautomer in duplex DNA for adducts exhibiting high relative reactivity .	612	611	61	6
Chem. 276 , 9077-9082 ) .	
In particular , acrolein and related aldehydes produce DPCs , although the chemical linkages for such cross-links have not been identified .	
DNA-protein cross-links ( DPCs ) are formed upon exposure to a variety of chemical and physical agents and pose a threat to genomic integrity .	
We concluded that complex formation is mediated by a Schiff base linkage because DNA-peptide complexes were covalently trapped following reduction with sodium cyanoborohydride , and pre-reduction of adducted DNAs inhibited complex formation .	61	611	6
Here , we report that oligodeoxynucleotides containing 1,N(2)-deoxyguanosine adducts of acrolein , crotonaldehyde , and trans-4-hydroxynonenal can form cross-links with the tetrapeptide Lys-Trp-Lys-Lys .	61	611	6
METHODS Thirty-two OSCCs from areca quid chewers and ten normal oral tissue biopsy samples without areca quid chewing were analyzed by the immunohistochemistry for MGMT .	
We have identified two proteins , Mpc1 and Mpc2 , as essential for mitochondrial pyruvate transport in yeast , Drosophila , and humans .	
BACKGROUND Anti-angiogenic treatment of glioblastoma characteristically results in therapy resistance and tumor progression via diffuse infiltration .	
Sulfuretin inhibited TPA-induced transcriptional activation of nuclear factor-\u03baB ( NF-\u03baB ) .	
We demonstrated that sulfuretin mediated the inhibition of TPA-induced MMP-9 expression and that cell invasion in MCF-7 cells involved suppression of the NF-\u03baB pathway .	11	1
However , the effect of sulfuretin on breast cancer metastasis is unknown .	
In this study , we investigated the inhibitory effect of sulfuretin on 12-O-tetradecanoylphorbol-13-acetate ( TPA)-induced MMP-9 expression and cell invasion in MCF-7 cells .	
Sulfuretin is one of the major flavonoids isolated from Rhus verniciflua .	
Sulfuretin has been used to reduce oxidative stress , platelet aggregation , the inflammatory response and mutagenesis .	
Cell invasion is required for neoplastic metastasis .	
Matrix metalloproteinase-9 ( MMP-9 ) , which degrades the extracellular matrix , is a major component in the process of cancer cell invasion .	
Thus , frequent loss or mutation of p53 may promote tumor progression by enhancing inflammation in the tumor microenvironment .	a	a2
Taken together , these results suggest that p53 inhibits proinflammatory chemokines in ovarian cancer cells by reducing proteasomal degradation of IκB .	a	a2
Therefore , inhibiting MMP-9 expression by sulfuretin may have therapeutic potential for controlling breast cancer invasiveness .	11	1
Cells undergoing malignant transformation often exhibit a shift in cellular metabolism from oxidative phosphorylation to glycolysis .	
This glycolytic shift , called the Warburg effect , provides a mechanistic basis for targeting glycolysis to suppress carcinogenesis through the use of dietary caloric restriction and energy restriction-mimetic agents ( ERMA ) .	
We recently reported the development of a novel class of ERMAs that exhibits high potency in eliciting starvation-associated cellular responses and epigenetic changes in cancer cells though glucose uptake inhibition .	
The lead ERMA in this class , OSU-CG5 , decreases the production of ATP and NADH in LNCaP prostate cancer cells .	
In BT474 cells , none of the single agents except 4-HPR induced apoptosis , but again combinations of each retinoid with trastuzumab did induce apoptosis .	
In contrast , the single retinoid agents did cause apoptosis in SKBR3 cells ; this was only modestly enhanced by addition of trastuzumab .	
The suppressive effect of OSU-CG5 was evidenced by marked decreases in Ki67 immunostaining and proliferating cell nuclear antigen ( PCNA ) expression in the prostate .	91	9
OSU-CG5 treatment was not associated with evidence of systemic toxicity .	
Assays of proliferation , apoptosis , differentiation , cell cycle distribution , and receptor signaling were performed .	
RESULTS In HER2-overexpressing/ER-positive BT474 cells , combining all-trans retinoic acid ( atRA ) with tamoxifen or trastuzumab synergistically inhibited cell growth , and altered cell differentiation and cell cycle .	9	93
Only atRA/trastuzumab-containing combinations induced apoptosis .	
BT474 and HER2-overexpressing/ER-negative SKBR3 cells were treated with a panel of retinoids ( atRA , 9-cis-retinoic acid , 13-cis-retinoic acid , or N-(4-hydroxyphenyl) retinamide ( fenretinide ) ( 4-HPR) ) combined with trastuzumab .	
INTRODUCTION HER2 and estrogen receptor ( ER ) are important in breast cancer and are therapeutic targets of trastuzumab ( Herceptin ) and tamoxifen , respectively .	
Retinoids inhibit breast cancer growth , and modulate signaling by HER2 and ER .	
We hypothesized that treatment with retinoids and simultaneous targeting of HER2 and/or ER may have enhanced anti-tumor effects .	
METHODS The effects of retinoids combined with trastuzumab or tamoxifen were examined in two human breast cancer cell lines in culture , BT474 and SKBR3 .	
Matrix metalloproteinase-9 ( MMP-9 ) is a major component in cancer cell invasion .	
In this study , we investigated the inhibitory effect of curcumin on 12-O-tetradecanoylphorbol-13-acetate ( TPA)-induced MMP-9 expression and cell invasion and the molecular mechanisms involved in MCF-7 cells .	
Curcumin ( diferuloylmethane ) is a polyphenol derived from the plant turmeric ( Curcuma longa ) , which is commonly used as a spice .	
Although anti-carcinogenic , anti-oxidant , anti-inflammation , and anti-angiogenic properties have been reported , the effect of curcumin on breast cancer metastasis is unknown .	
These results indicate that curcumin-mediated inhibition of TPA-induced MMP-9 expression and cell invasion involves the suppression of the PKCα , MAPK and NF-κB/AP-1 pathway in MCF-7 cells .	11	1
Curcumin may have potential value in restricting breast cancer metastasis .	1	12
Our results showed that curcumin inhibits TPA-induced MMP-9 expression and cell invasion through suppressing NF-κB and AP-1 activation .	11	1
Also , curcumin strongly repressed the TPA-induced phosphorylation of p38 and JNK and inhibited TPA-induced translocation of PKCα from the cytosol to the membrane , but did not affect the translocation of PKCδ .	
We describe here a genetic screen to identify genes that allow bypass of this checkpoint .	
EMT-related proteins , such as E-cadherin and N-cadherin , were examined using Western blotting .	
Senescence limits the proliferative capacity of primary cells in culture .	
Cellular mobility and adhesion were assessed using Boyden chamber transwell assay and cell adhesion assay , respectively .	
These data demonstrate that Mpc1 and Mpc2 form an essential part of the mitochondrial pyruvate carrier .	
The mice were treated with luteolin ( 10 or 20 mg/kg , ip ) daily for 23 d .	
Conclusion .	
Female C57BL/6 mice ( 6 to 8 weeks old ) were injected with B16F10 cells ( 1�10(6) cells in 0.2 mL per mouse ) via the lateral tail vein .	
The action of tamoxifen appears to be dissociated from estrogen receptor activation .	9	93
Tissue sections were analyzed with immunohistochemistry and HE staining .	
Longer incubation with tamoxifen ( >5 micro M ) was cytotoxic .	
On the 23rd day after tumor injection , the mice were sacrificed , and the lungs were collected , and metastatic foci in the lung surfaces were photographed .	
Splenocytes ( 2 x 10(6) ) from these mice were transferred to sublethally irradiated athymic BALB/c mice previously transplanted subcutaneously with 10(7) human hepatoma Hep3B cells .	
Adoptive transfer of splenocytes immunized toward HBsAg prevented tumor growth .	
At 4 weeks after splenocyte transplantation , tumor volume and serum alpha-fetoprotein ( AFP ) levels in athymic mice transplanted with splenocytes immunized to HBsAg were undetectable as compared with 1,048 +/- 738 mm(3) and 2,500 +/- 1,431 ng/ml in recipients of na�ve splenocytes ( p < 0.0001 ) .	
Mice receiving splenocytes tolerized toward Hep3B cells , as manifested by reduced serum HBs antibody levels , reduced HBV-specific stimulation index and reduced HBV-specific-IFN gamma spot-forming cells , had early tumor growth evident by elevated AFP serum levels , weight loss and mortality , which were suppressed at 6 weeks .	
Adoptive transfer of immunity against hepatitis B surface antigen ( HBsAg ) was previously shown to facilitate suppression of experimental human hepatocellular carcinoma ( HCC ) expressing HBsAg in athymic mice .	
We have shown that oral tolerance induces antigen-specific immune suppression of HBsAg by feeding hepatitis B virus ( HBV ) antigens .	
In the present study we evaluated the effect of oral tolerance induction toward HBV or HCC antigens on the growth of experimental HCC-expressing HBsAg in mice .	
Tolerance induction was induced in mice by 5 oral feedings of 1 microg HBV antigens or HCC-extracted proteins ( 50 microg protein ) before vaccination with recombinant HBsAg .	
Mice transplanted with splenocytes tolerized toward HBV antigens did not have direct evidence of tumor growth .	
Induction of oral tolerance toward HCC-extracted proteins enabled transient tumor growth in this model .	
Using microRNA profiling , we identify miR-320a as a regulator of PFKm expression .	
The anti-breast cancer drug tamoxifen has recently been shown to cause an increase in intracellular free-Ca(2+) concentrations ( [ Ca(2+)](i) ) in renal tubular cells , breast cells and bladder cells .	
Manipulation of miR-320a levels both in vitro and in vivo alters PFKm and lactate levels in the expected directions .	
Further , miR-320a appears to regulate oxidative stress-induced PFKm expression , and reduced miR-320a allows greater induction of glycolysis in response to H(2)O(2) treatment .	a21	31	3	a2	a
A point mutation in MPC1 provides resistance to a known inhibitor of the mitochondrial pyruvate carrier .	
Such shifts toward a glycolytic phenotype have not been explored widely in other biological systems , and the molecular mechanisms underlying the shifts remain unknown .	
With proteomics , we observed increased glycolysis in disused human diaphragm muscle .	
Because tamoxifen is known to alter ovary function in human patients and in rats , the present study was aimed at exploring whether tamoxifen could alter Ca(2+) movement in Chinese hamster ovary ( CHO-K1 ) cells .	
We show that this microRNA-mediated regulation occurs through PFKm's 3 ' untranslated region and that Ets proteins are involved in the regulation of PFKm via miR-320a .	
Cytosolic free-Ca(2+) levels in populations of cells have been explored by using fura-2 as a fluorescent Ca(2+) indicator .	
Tamoxifen at concentrations above 1 micro M increased [ Ca(2+)](i) in a concentration-dependent manner with an EC(50) value of 8 micro M. The Ca(2+) signal was reduced by removing extracellular Ca(2+) , but was not affected by nifedipine , verapamil , diltiazem or ICI 182,780 ( an estrogen receptor antagonist ) .	
Pretreatment with 1 micro M thapsigargin ( an endoplasmic reticulum Ca(2+) pump inhibitor ) to deplete the endoplasmic reticulum Ca(2+) abolished 10 micro M tamoxifen-induced Ca(2+) release .	
The long-range decreases in dynamic stability due to these two single-site mutations suggest increases in flexibility that may weaken the ability of Tm to inhibit activity at low Ca(2+) concentrations for D175N and to a greater degree for E180G , which may contribute to differences in the severity of FHC .	
However , the molecular basis for the cause and the difference in the severity of the manifested phenotypes of disease are not known .	
In this work we have ( 1 ) used ATPase studies using reconstituted thin filaments in solution to show that these FHC mutants result in an increase in Ca(2+) sensitivity and an increased residual level of ATPase , ( 2 ) shown that both FHC mutants increase the rate of cleavage at R133 , residues N-terminal to the mutations , when free and bound to actin , ( 3 ) shown that for Tm-E180G , the increase in the rate of cleavage is greater than that for D175N , and ( 4 ) shown that for E180G , cleavage also occurs at a new site 53 residues C-terminal to E180G , in parallel with cleavage at R133 .	
Cardiac \u03b1-tropomyosin ( Tm ) single-site mutations D175N and E180G cause familial hypertrophic cardiomyopathy ( FHC ) .	
Neither inhibition of phospholipase C with 2 micro M U73122 nor depletion of ryanodine-sensitive Ca(2+) stores with 50 micro M ryanodine affected tamoxifen-induced Ca(2+) release .	
Loss of yeast Mpc1 results in defective mitochondrial pyruvate uptake , and silencing of MPC1 or MPC2 in mammalian cells impairs pyruvate oxidation .	
On gelatin , 60-70% cells attached over a period of 6-24 hr in presence of serum and formed confluent monolayers dominated by small alveolar cavities .	
The patients were administrated with cimetidine ( 0.8g�d-1 or 1.2g�d-1 ) or saline from the day of admission to the 10th POD .	
Together , the results suggest that , in CHO-K1 cells , tamoxifen induced a [ Ca(2+)](i) increase by causing store-Ca(2+) release from the endoplasmic reticulum in an phospholipase C-independent manner , and by inducing Ca(2+) influx .	
Finally , we show that even clonally related tumors derived from the same immortalized line have acquired distinct combinations of genetic alterations during tumor development , suggesting that tumor formation in this model system involves competition among genetically variant cells , which is similar to the Darwinian evolutionary processes now thought to generate many human cancers .	
This mutagenesis strategy is faster and simpler than conventional transposon screens and can potentially be applied to any tissue stem/progenitor cells that can be grown and differentiated in vitro .	63	6
Sequence analysis of transposon insertion sites from tumors and immortalized cells identified more than 200 frequently mutated genes , including human GBM-associated genes , such as Met and Nf1 , and made it possible to discriminate between genes that function during astroglial immortalization vs. later stages of tumor development .	6	63	4	41
We also functionally validated five GBM candidate genes using a previously undescribed high-throughput method .	
Using a unique transposon mutagenesis strategy that mutagenizes NSCs in culture , followed by additional rounds of mutagenesis to generate tumors in vivo , we have identified genes and signaling pathways that can transform NSCs into glioma-initiating cells .	
Mobilization of Sleeping Beauty transposons in NSCs induced the immortalization of astroglial-like cells , which were then able to generate tumors with characteristics of the mesenchymal subtype of GBM on transplantation , consistent with a potential astroglial origin for mesenchymal GBM .	4	41
CONCLUSIONS/SIGNIFICANCE The majority of recurrent gliomas are of monoclonal origin .	
However , the detection of divertive tumor cell clones in morphological distinct tumor components sharing IDH1- mutations as early event may provide insight into the tumorigenesis of true mixed gliomas .	63	6
METHODS We constructed a lentivirus vector with SLUG shRNA ( LV-shSLUG ) .	
LV-shSLUG and a control lentivirus were infected into the non-small cell lung cancer cell A549 and real-time PCR , Western blot and IHC were applied to assess expression of the SLUG gene .	
OBJECTIVE Lung cancer is a deadly cancer , whose kills more people worldwide than any other malignancy .	
SLUG ( SNAI2 , Snail2 ) is involved in the epithelial mesenchymal transition in physiological and in pathological contexts and is implicated in the development and progression of lung cancer .	
Knockdown of SLUG significantly suppressed lung cancer cell proliferation .	
Furthermore , knockdown of SLUG significantly inhibited lung cancer cell invasion and metastasis .	
Cell proliferation and migration were detected using MTT and clony formation methods .	
RESULTS Real-time PCR , Western Blot and IHC results confirmed down-regulation of SLUG expression by its shRNA by about 80% at both the mRNA and protein levels .	
CONCLUSION Our results suggest that ( 211)At is a promising , highly cytotoxic radioimmunotherapy in CD33-positive leukaemia and kills tumour cells more efficiently than does calicheamicin-conjugated antibody .	
No significant differences in induction of apoptosis or necrosis or DNA DSB or in decreased survival were observed after ( 211)At-anti-CD33 ( 1:1,090 ) versus GO ( 1:1 ) treatment .	612	61	8	6	83	81
RESULTS The mean labelling ratio of ( 211)At-labelled antibodies was 1:1,090 +/- 364 ( range : 1:738-1:1,722 ) in comparison to 2-3:1 for GO .	
We also measured caspase-3/7 activity , DNA fragmentation and necrosis in HL-60 cells after treatment with the different antibodies or with free ( 211)At .	
( 211)At-anti-CD33 decreased survival significantly more than did GO at comparable dilution ( 1:1,000 ) .	
Tumour cell binding of ( 211)At-anti-CD33 was high in the presence of abundant CD33 expression and could be specifically blocked by unlabelled anti-CD33 .	
Key prognostic factors for patients with AML are high CD33 expression on the leukaemic cells and the ability to overcome mechanisms of resistance to cytotoxic chemotherapies , including drug efflux or other mechanisms decreasing apoptosis .	
PURPOSE Monoclonal anti-CD33 antibodies conjugated with toxic calicheamicin derivative ( gemtuzumab ozogamicin , GO ) are a novel therapy option for acute myeloid leukaemia ( AML ) .	
METHODS We labelled anti-CD33 antibodies with the alpha-emitter ( 211)At and compared survival of leukaemic HL-60 and K-562 cells treated with the ( 211)At-labelled antibodies , GO or unlabelled antibodies as controls .	
Alpha particle-emitting radionuclides overwhelm such anti-apoptotic mechanisms by producing numerous DNA double-stranded breaks ( DSBs ) accompanied by decreased DNA repair .	
The cells had ample basophilic , granular cytoplasm .	
RESULTS The average ranks of E-cadherin in lymph node metastasis group and no lymph node metastasis group were 29.19 and 45.14 , respectively , with significant difference ( P < 0.001 ) .	1	12
The patients who had high expression of E-cadherin had a longer survival time .	
The average ranks of N-cadherin and MMP-9 were 40.04 and 42.97 in lymph node metastasis group , and 32.32 and 28.85 in no lymph node metastasis group , both with significant difference ( P < 0.05 ) , and these expressions were positively correlated with the lymph node metastasis of breast carcinoma .	1	12
This study was designed to determine the expression of gene products of E-cadherin ( epithelial ) , N-cadherin ( nerve ) , and matrix metalloproteinase-9 ( MMP-9 ) in breast carcinoma tissue and investigate their association with the invasion and metastasis of breast carcinoma .	
BACKGROUND & OBJECTIVE There is little ideal predictor available on evaluating the lymph node metastatic potential of breast carcinoma .	
Multivariable Cox proportional hazards model was used to analyze the patients ' prognosis .	
METHODS The authors examined the expressions of E-cadherin , N-cadherin , and MMP-9 in 72 cases of breast carcinoma(39 cases with lymph node metastasis and 33 cases without lymph node metastasis ) by immunohistochemistry .	
Parasympathetic paraganglioma develop predominantly in the head and neck .	
Paragangliomas are relatively uncommon neoplasms that arise in adrenal and extra-adrenal paraganglia of the autonomic nervous system .	
There is only a single case report in the English literature .	
It is exceedingly uncommon to develop a primary intraparathyroid paraganglioma .	
Our patient was a 69 year old woman who presented with a thyroid gland mass , with extension into the substernal space .	
The information from the single previous case report ( Medline 1960-2009 ) was combined with this case report .	
At surgery , a thyroid lobectomy and a parathyroidectomy were performed .	
The patient had a history of renal cell carcinoma removed 18 months before .	
In cancer cells , under homeostatic telomere length-maintenance conditions , telomerase acts processively , while under nonequilibrium conditions , telomerase acts distributively on the shortest telomeres .	
The contribution of enzyme processivity to telomere length regulation in human cells is not well characterized .	
Telomerase can repetitively reverse transcribe its short RNA template , acting processively to add multiple telomeric repeats onto the same DNA substrate .	
Telomerase is a ribonucleoprotein consisting of a catalytic subunit , the telomerase reverse transcriptase , TERT , and an integrally associated RNA , TR , which contains a template for the synthesis of short repetitive G-rich DNA sequences at the ends of telomeres .	
Our results suggest that telomere length and homeostasis in human cells may be regulated by telomerase enzyme processivity .	
Moreover , hTERT-L866Y expressing cells display heterogenous telomere lengths , telomere elongation , multiple telomeric signals indicative of fragile sites and replicative stress , and an increase in short telomeres , which is accompanied by telomere trimming events .	
We report that , similar to the previously reported ' gain of function ' Tetrahymena telomerase mutant ( L813Y ) , the human telomerase variant displays increased processivity. hTERT-L866Y , like wild-type hTERT can immortalize and extend the lifespan of limited lifespan cells .	4	41
To investigate the role of increased telomerase processivity on telomere length regulation in human cells with limited lifespan that are dependent on human TERT ( hTERT ) for lifespan extension and immortalization , we mutated the leucine at position 866 in the reverse transcriptase C motif of hTERT to a tyrosine ( L866Y ) , which is the amino acid found at a similar position in HIV-1 reverse transcriptase .	
Our observation that links the TNF-alpha/NF-kappaB axis and the ATX-LPA signaling pathway suggests that ATX is likely playing an important role in inflammation related liver tumorigenesis .	a	a2
We studied the effect of oxidative stress induced by hyperoxia , hydrogen peroxide , or menadione on mouse leukemia P388 cells at early ( 4 days ) and late ( 7 days ) stages of tumor growth .	
Overexpression of Skp2 blocks the effects of AZQ on senescence and p27(Kip1) induction .	42	4
The ubiquitin-ligase Skp2 negatively regulates p27(Kip1) and , during TIS , is translocated to the cytoplasm before its expression is decreased in senescent cells .	42	4
We conclude that Skp2 participates in regulating TIS but , alone , is insufficient to induce senescence in cancer cells .	42	4
We also find that stable long-term short hairpin RNA knockdown of Skp2 decreases proliferation but does not generate the complete senescence phenotype .	42	4
The mechanisms that mediate TIS in cancer cells are not well defined .	
The propensity of Onc to potentiate the activation-induced apoptosis suggests that this drug may have clinical utility as immunomodulating agent , e.g. , to suppress transplant rejection or treat autoimmune diseases .	8	2	81	21
Using AZQ and several other agents that induce senescence , we screened a series of cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitors and found that p27(Kip1) was induced in all investigated prostate cancer cell lines .	
Herein , we characterize a robust senescence response both in vitro and in vivo to the quinone diaziquone ( AZQ ) , previously identified in a high-throughput senescence-induction small-molecule screen .	
In a small percentage of the treated LNCaP cells , the activation of the extracellular matrix ( ECM)-proteases by Casodex also induces an invasive phenotype .	11	1
The acquisition of an invasive phenotype is not seen when LNCaP cells are treated with TNF-alpha , and is not seen when the LNCaP cells are treated with both compounds simultaneously , suggesting that the phenomenon may be specific to particular classes of compounds .	11	1
RT-PCR based analysis demonstrates that in LNCaP cells Casodex coordinately alters the expression of steady-state level of mRNAs of several matrix metalloproteases and their cognate inhibitors ( most notably MMP2 and TIMP1 ) .	
Zymography and reverse zymography confirm that the ratio of metalloprotease(s) to inhibitor(s) is altered in favor of activation of the proteases .	
Both agents induce a dose and time-dependent decrease in cell viability in vitro .	
However , Casodex does not induce classical DNA fragmentation to oligonucleosomes typically induced by TNF-alpha , but rather induces cleavage to form intermediate 60 kb DNA fragments .	8	81
The cellular mechanisms of anti-androgen-induced tumor regression have not been investigated in great detail .	
We have compared the induction of cell death in the androgen-dependent , non-invasive LNCaP prostate cancer cell line by Casodex and TNF-alpha .	
These observations have significant implications in the treatment of prostate cancer , since the appearance of a more aggressive phenotype following treatment is clearly undesirable .	
In this study , we first demonstrated that a novel bFGF-binding peptide ( named P7 ) inhibited proliferation of several colon cancer cell lines including HT-29 , LoVo , and Caco2 cells stimulated by bFGF .	9	92
Further investigations with HT-29 cells indicated that P7 arrested the cell cycle at the G0/G1 phase of bFGF-stimulated cells , reduced the levels of phospho-Erk1/Erk2 induced by bFGF , and caused significant changes in the expression of proteins related to proliferation , cell cycle , and cancer .	921	92	9
Colon cancer is a leading cause of morbidity and mortality in Western countries .	
Basic fibroblast growth factor ( bFGF ) was up-regulated in patients with colon cancer and was considered as a potential therapeutic target .	
Our results suggested that the bFGF-binding peptide has a potential antitumor effect on colon cancer .	
In this model , cancer cells secrete hydrogen peroxide ( H2O2 ) , initiating oxidative stress and aerobic glycolysis in the tumor stroma .	
Recent data suggest that the mechanism by which HER-2 mediates transformation requires the interaction of the epidermal growth factor ( EGF ) receptor .	
The aim of this study was to examine the effect of WBH-CT on the expression of a broad range of activation markers on peripheral blood lymphocytes ( PBL ) , on serum cytokines and intracellular cytokine levels in T cells , and the capacity of these cells to proliferate .	
To examine whether a treatment with 60-minute 41.8 degrees C WBH as an adjunct to chemotherapy ( WBH-CT ) induces an activation of T cells , blood samples were collected at numerous time points before and up to 48 h post-treatment .	
Although clear evidence is still missing , it has been hypothesized that an activation of the immune system might contribute to the therapeutic effect of WBH .	
Whole body hyperthermia ( WBH ) has been used as an adjunct to radio-/chemotherapy in patients with various malignant diseases .	
This first phase was followed by a marked but short-lived increase in the patients ' serum levels of interleukin-6 ( IL-6 ; P<0.01 ) during the first 5 h following treatment , with a subsequent decrease to baseline levels at 24 h and significantly increased serum levels of tumor necrosis factor-alpha ( TNF-alpha ) at 0 h ( P<0.01 ) , 3 h ( P<0.05 ) , 5 h ( P<0.05 ) and 24 h ( P<0.01 ) post-WBH-CT .	
This transient phenomenon was accompanied by a short period of reduced T cell activity , indicated by diminished serum levels of soluble interleukin-2 receptors ( sIL-2R ) at 3 h post-WBH-CT ( P<0.05 ) and decreased lymphocytic proliferation at the same point in time .	2	21
At 5 h post-treatment , the percentages of both effector cell types had returned to baseline levels .	
Immediately after 41.8 degrees C WBH-CT treatment , a drastic increase in peripheral natural killer ( NK ) cells ( P<0.05 ) and CD56+ cytotoxic T lymphocytes ( CTL ; P<0.01 ) in the patients ' peripheral blood was observed .	2	21
Furthermore , the percentage of CD4+ T cells expressing the T cell activation marker CD69 increased nearly two-fold over time , reaching its maximum at 48 h ( P<0.05 ) .	2	21
The third phase of the immunological consequences of WBH-CT consisted of an increase in the percentage of peripheral cytotoxic T lymphocytes ( CTL ) expressing CD56 , reaching a maximum at 48 h post-WBH ( P<0.01 ) .	2	21
Following a period of tumor progression ( 2 weeks ) , LLL12 completely suppressed further growth of established OS-1 osteosarcoma xenografts .	
We found that ERβ inhibits CDK1 activity , which is the critical determinant of the G2/M progression .	91	9
However , whether it will recapitulate in vivo remains to be demonstrated .	
The intervening stroma was myxoid in appearance accompanied by lymphocyte and plasma cell infiltration , abundant blood vessels and focal collagenized areas .	
They were spindly in shape , cytoplasm eosinophilic with mild nuclear atypia and a low mitotic activity .	
Immunohistochemical study showed that the tumor cells were diffusely positive for vimentin .	
In 3 of the recurrent cases , the tumor cells displayed increased nuclear atypia and mitotic activity ( average about 5 to 6 per 10 high-power fields ) , accompanied by patchy necrosis , less inflammatory cell infiltration and focal sarcomatous changes .	83	a2	a	8
Desmin was weakly positive in 1 case .	
SMA , MSA , calponin and fibronectin were variably expressed .	
The Ki-67 proliferation index increased with tumor recurrences .	91	9
The staining for h-caldesmon , ALK , S-100 and CK was negative .	
There were an increased amount of collagen fibers in the stroma .	
Electron microscopy revealed abundant rough endoplasmic reticulum and dense body formation in the cytoplasm .	
An enhancement in Fas/APO-1 and membrane-bound Fas ligand ( mFasL ) might be responsible for the apoptotic effect induced by IOB .	8	81
Furthermore , in contrast to previous observations our results in this large well-defined sample set indicate that there is no significant association between the different morphological phenotypes and mutations in key genes of the RAS-RAF-MAPK pathway .	63	6
From these data , we conclude that post-translational modification by RCS contributes to the heterogeneity in RyR2 activity that is seen in experimental diabetes .	
Treatment of diabetic rats with RCS scavengers normalized spontaneous and evoked Ca(2+) release from the SR , reduced carbonylation of RyR2s , and increased binding of [ (3)H]ryanodine to RyR2s .	
RESULTS APC mutations were more frequent in polypoid adenomas compared to flat adenomas ( 48.5% versus 30.3% , respectively , p\u200a=\u200a0.02 ) .	63	6
Mutations in KRAS , BRAF , NRAS , FBXW7 and CTNNB1 showed similar frequencies in both phenotypes .	63	6
METHODS A consecutive series of 106 flat and 93 polypoid adenomas was analyzed retrospectively for frequently occurring mutations in " hot spot " regions of KRAS , BRAF , PIK3CA and NRAS , as well as selected mutations in CTNNB1 ( \u03b2-catenin ) , EGFR , FBXW7 ( CDC4 ) , PTEN , STK11 , MAP2K4 , SMAD4 , PIK3R1 and PDGFRA using a high-throughput genotyping technique .	
Additionally , APC was analyzed using direct sequencing .	
BACKGROUND Flat adenomas are a subgroup of colorectal adenomas that have been associated with a distinct biology and a more aggressive clinical behavior compared to their polypoid counterparts .	
In the present study , we aimed to compare the mutation spectrum of 14 cancer genes , between these two phenotypes .	
METHODS We assessed the induction of apoptosis ( Sub-G1 ) by cosmomycin D in nucleotide excision repair-deficient fibroblasts ( XP-A and XP-C ) as well as the levels of DNA damage ( alkaline comet assay ) .	
RESULTS Treatment of XP-A and XP-C cells with cosmomycin D resulted in apoptosis in a time-dependent manner , with highest apoptosis levels observed 96 h after treatment .	8	81
The effects of cosmomycin D were equivalent to those obtained with doxorubicin .	
The broad caspase inhibitor Z-VAD-FMK strongly inhibited apoptosis in these cells , and DNA damage induced by cosmomycin D was confirmed by alkaline comet assay .	61	81	8	6
PURPOSE Anthracyclines have been widely used as antitumor agents , playing a crucial role in the successful treatment of many types of cancer , despite some side effects related to cardiotoxicity .	
New anthracyclines have been designed and tested , but the first ones discovered , doxorubicin and daunorubicin , continue to be the drugs of choice .	
Despite their extensive use in chemotherapy , little is known about the DNA repair mechanisms involved in the removal of lesions caused by anthracyclines .	
The anthracycline cosmomycin D is the main product isolated from Streptomyces olindensis , characterized by a peculiar pattern of glycosylation with two trisaccharide rings attached to the A ring of the tetrahydrotetracene .	
In H1299 cells , both R2HBJJ and its leading compound R2-PHC displayed significant anti-proliferative activity as M3 receptor antagonist darifenacin .	
CONCLUSIONS Cosmomycin D induced time-dependent apoptosis in nucleotide excision repair-deficient fibroblasts .	8	62	81	6
Despite similar apoptosis levels , cosmomycin D caused considerably lower levels of DNA damage compared to doxorubicin .	
This work reveals novel mechanosensitive channels and discusses the regulation of their expression in the context of possible additional functions .	
In order to verify the effects of EGFR and COX-2 inhibitors , breast cancer cells MCF-7 and SKBR-3 were characterized for receptors status and then treated with respective inhibitors ( nimotuzumab and celecoxib ) alone and in combination .	
Both cell lines were sensitive to celecoxib , but not to nimotuzumab .	
However , combination of two drugs demonstrated synergistic effects on cell killing .	8
Moreover , association of two drugs resulted in SKBR-3 cells , a further G0/G1 phase arrest than one drug alone .	91	9
Breast cancer is the most common malignancy in women , and many breast cancer patients fail conventional treatment strategies of chemotherapy , radiation , and antiestrogen therapy .	
Research into the molecular pathways and biomarkers involved in the development of breast cancer should yield information that will guide therapeutic decisions .	
Epidermal growth factor receptor ( EGFR ) and cyclooxygenase-2 ( COX-2 ) are involved in the carcinogenesis of breast cancer and exist tight crosstalk with estrogen receptor ( ER ) pathway .	
Combination of EGFR and COX-2 inhibitors , therefore , could be an effective strategy for reducing cell growth in estrogen-dependent breast cancer .	
Downregulation of p-EGFR , p-Akt , p-mTOR , and amplified in breast cancer 1 ( AIB1 ) were observed in both cell lines , and upregulation of E-cadherin was only found in MCF-7 , after treatment with single agent or in combination .	921	92	9
These studies suggest that nimotuzumab and celecoxib exert synergistic antiproliferation effects in breast cancer , which partly correlates with ER status .	9	93
The intrinsic events that confer malignant properties on osteosarcoma cells have remained unclear , however .	
Osteosarcoma is a high-grade malignant bone tumor that manifests ingravescent clinical behavior .	
We have now identified Igf2 mRNA-binding protein3 ( Imp3 ) as a key molecule responsible for this increased tumorigenicity of AXT cells in vivo .	
We previously established two lines of mouse osteosarcoma cells : AX cells , which are able to form tumors in syngeneic mice , and AXT cells , which were derived from such tumors and acquired an increased tumorigenic capacity during tumor development .	
The expression level of Imp3 also appeared directly related to tumorigenic ability in vivo which is the critical determination for tumor-initiating cells .	
Imp3 is consistently up-regulated in tumors formed by AX cells , and its expression in these cells was found to confer malignant properties such as anchorage-independent growth , loss of contact inhibition , and escape from anoikis in vitro .	5	52
Our results implicate Imp3 as a key regulator of stem-like tumorigenic characteristics in osteosarcoma cells and as a potential therapeutic target for this malignancy .	
The effect of Imp3 on tumorigenicity of osteosarcoma cells did not appear to be mediated through Igf2-dependent mechanism .	
A clear growth inhibition was observed at a concentration of 3 nM .	
Collectively , our BRIT1-null mouse model demonstrates that BRIT1 is essential for maintaining genomic stability in vivo to protect the hosts from both programmed and irradiation-induced DNA damages , and its depletion causes a failure in both mitotic and meiotic recombination DNA repair via impairing RAD51/BRCA2's function and as a result leads to infertility and genomic instability in mice .	62	6
However , it remains unclear whether glucocorticoids directly affect the development and progression of bladder cancer through the glucocorticoid receptor pathway .	
R2HBJJ markedly suppressed the growth of NSCLC cells , such as H1299 , H460 and H157 .	
These encouraging results suggest that vinorelbine may potentially be used in conjunction with radiotherapy in the treatment of head and neck SCC .	
These results indicate that , in vitro , the head and neck SCC is consistently sensitive to vinorelbine , which blocks the cell cycle in G2/M , the most radiosensitive phase .	511	5	51
In patients with advanced bladder cancer , glucocorticoids are frequently given to reduce acute toxicity , particularly hyperemesis , during chemotherapy , as well as to improve cachectic conditions .	
In this study we intended to investigate the growth inhibitory effect of R2HBJJ , a novel muscarinic antagonist , on non-small cell lung cancer ( NSCLC ) cells and the possible mechanisms .	
The growth-inhibitory effects of ketoconazole , an antifungal agent which inhibits arachidonic acid lipoxygenases and cytochrome P-450 enzymes , were tested in human colon and breast cancer cell lines .	
In the serum independent HT29-S-B6 colon cell clone , ketoconazole reduced cell proliferation and [ 3H]thymidine incorporation in a dose-dependent fashion , with a 50% inhibitory concentration of approximately 2.5 microM .	
Then , the effects of dexamethasone on glucocorticoid receptor transcription , cell proliferation , apoptosis/cell cycle , and invasion were examined in bladder cancer lines .	
The competitive binding assay revealed that R2HBJJ had a high affinity to M3 and M1 AChRs .	
We have identified a novel specific caspase-3 cleavage site in Par-4 , and the cleaved fragment of Par-4 retains proapoptotic activity .	
More specifically , overexpression of UCP-1 in stromal fibroblasts increases β-oxidation , ketone body production and the release of ATP-rich vesicles , which " fuels " tumor growth by providing high-energy nutrients in a paracrine fashion to epithelial cancer cells .	
The mechanisms by which tumors promote the expansion and/or function of these suppressive cells and the cross-talk between MDSC and Treg remain incompletely defined .	
Glucocorticoid receptor expression was first investigated in human bladder cancer lines and tissue microarrays .	
We describe here the identification of a novel gene , SENEX , that regulates stress induced premature senescence pathways in endothelial cells ( ECs ) involving p16(INK4a) and retinoblastoma protein activation .	
Cellular senescence is a mechanism to inhibit the growth of mammalian cells after oncogenic activation , or in response to damage or stress .	
All the cell lines and tissues examined were found to express glucocorticoid receptor .	
In an intracutaneous murine model of melanoma cell tumor growth , the analogue did not increase primary tumor growth ( size ) after the period of administration of the peptide hormone analogue and did not affect spontaneous lung metastases .	1	12
Survival times for the control and melanotropin-treated groups were similar , suggesting that overall tumor burden was not affected by treatment with the hormone analogue .	
Last , melanoma cell invasion through a human amniotic basement membrane in vitro was not enhanced compared to untreated cells .	11	1
Cell cycle modulating effects in irradiated cells resulting from treatment with celecoxib may have clinical importance with regard to the potential application of celecoxib in cancer patients undergoing radiotherapy .	9	51	511	5	91
Melanocyte stimulating hormone ( alpha-MSH , alpha-melanotropin),Ac-Ser-Tyr-Ser-Met-Glu-His-Phe-Arg-Trp-Gly-Ly-Pro-Va l-NH2 , regulates melanogenesis within epidermal melanocytes of many animals .	
An MSH analogue ( [ Nle4,D-Phe7]alpha-MSH ) that exhibits superpotency and prolonged biological activity has been synthesized , biologically characterized , and is presently in clinical trials to determine its possible clinical use in tanning of the skin .	
It also has potential for the diagnosis , localization , and chemotherapy of melanoma .	
The effects of this analogue on the growth , metastatic behavior , and invasive potential of a melanotic variant of Cloudman S-91 murine melanoma are reported here .	
Finally , mouse xenograft models for bladder cancer were used to assess the efficacy of dexamethasone on tumor progression .	
Angiotensin ( Ang ) II-induced genetic hypertension should respond to lisinopril treatment .	
Inhibition of HSP90 , a chaperone for many kinases , by geldanamycin or radicicol shifted the response of L929sA cells to TNF from necrosis to apoptosis .	83	81	8
This shift was blocked by CrmA but not by BCL-2 overexpression , suggesting that it occurred through activation of procaspase-8 .	
Triggering tumor necrosis factor receptor-1 ( TNFR1 ) induces apoptosis in various cell lines .	
In contrast , stimulation of TNFR1 in L929sA leads to necrosis .	
No significant decrease in the levels of mitogen-activated protein kinases , adaptor proteins TNFR-associated death domain and Fas-associated death domain , or caspase-3 , -8 , and -9 could be detected .	
These results suggest that HSP90 client proteins play a crucial role in necrotic signaling .	83	8
Geldanamycin pretreatment led to a proteasome-dependent decrease in the levels of several TNFR1-interacting proteins including the kinases receptor-interacting protein , inhibitor of kappa B kinase-alpha , inhibitor of kappa B kinase-beta , and to a lesser extent the adaptors NF-kappaB essential modulator and tumor necrosis factor receptor-associated factor 2 .	
As a consequence , NF-kappa B , p38MAPK , and JNK activation were abolished .	
We conclude that inhibition of HSP90 may alter the composition of the TNFR1 complex , favoring the caspase-8-dependent apoptotic pathway .	8	81
In the absence of geldanamycin , certain HSP90 client proteins may be preferentially recruited to the TNFR1 complex , promoting necrosis .	83	8
In contrast , dexamethasone suppressed cell invasion , the expression of its related genes [ MMP-2/MMP-9 , interleukin ( IL)-6 , VEGF ] , and the activity of MMP-2/MMP-9 , and also induced mesenchymal-to-epithelial transition .	11	1
These results define p38(HOG) as an intracellular pathway that activates a senescence checkpoint in tumor cells and may play a role in Ras- or stress-induced senescence .	42	4
Gefitinib treatment caused cell cycle arrest predominantly at the G1 phase , which is associated with TOB1 nuclear translocation and its interaction with cyclin D1 .	91	9
Extracellular respiration of solid-phase electron acceptors in some microorganisms requires a complex chain of multiheme c-type cytochromes that span the inner and outer membranes .	
These results suggest that TOB1 interaction with cyclin D1 and nuclear translocation is directly involved in the gefitinib-induced anti-proliferative cell cycle arrest .	91	9
Gefitinib , the specific inhibitor of the epidermal growth factor receptor ( EGFR ) , may cause growth delay in cancer cell lines .	
Thorough understanding of the downstream cellular signaling of gefitinib will facilitate the discovery of biomarkers for predicting outcomes and monitoring anti-EGFR therapies , and provide information for key targets for therapeutic intervention .	
In this study , we investigated the role of transducer of erbB2.1 ( TOB1 ) in gefitinib therapy .	
In Shewanella species , MtrA , an periplasmic decaheme c-type cytochrome , is an essential component for extracellular respiration of iron(III) .	
The exact mechanism of electron transport has not yet been resolved , but the arrangement of the polypeptide chain may have a strong influence on the capability of the MtrA cytochrome to transport electrons .	
The members of the miR-17-92 cluster have been shown to control endothelial cell functions and neovascularization ; however , the regulation and function of the cluster in endothelial cell lineage commitment has not been explored .	
MicroRNAs ( miRs ) are small non-coding RNAs that recently emerged as potent regulators of gene expression .	
We demonstrate that miR-17 , miR-18 , miR-19 and miR-20 are increased upon the induction of endothelial cell differentiation of murine embryonic stem cells or induced pluripotent stem cells .	
This project aimed to test the role of the miR-17-92 cluster during endothelial differentiation .	
The inhibition of each individual miR of the cluster by cholesterol-modified antagomirs did not affect endothelial marker gene expression .	
In contrast , miR-92a and the primary miR-17-92 transcript were downregulated .	
These findings illustrate that although the miR-17-92 cluster regulates vascular integrity and angiogenesis , none of the members has a significant impact on the endothelial differentiation of pluripotent stem cells .	7	71
Moreover , the combination of all antagomirs had no effect .	
To construct such comprehensive drug carriers , we utilized cross-linked amphiphilic polymer nanoparticles and functionalized them to target ICAM-1 , a biomarker prevalent in various tumors and inflamed tumor stroma .	
We hypothesized that nanoparticles designed to target both tumor and tumor stroma would penetrate deeper into the tumors .	
However , the lack of leaky vasculatures can create barriers to the permeation of nm-sized nanoparticles in solid tumors .	
Clinically approved chemotherapeutic nanoparticles may provide advantages over free drugs by achieving slower clearance and preferential accumulation in tumors .	
Drug carriers against inflammation-biomarkers may be effective against many different types of tumors , while being less susceptible to the highly mutable nature of tumor markers .	
For all the tested cell lines , only T98G showed significant differences between temozolomide and temozolomide plus methoxyamine treatment , observed by reduced survival rates , enhanced the levels of DNA damage , and induced an arrest at G2-phase .	
ICAM-1-selective delivery of paclitaxel produced potent tumor suppression of not only ICAM-1-positive cervical cancer cells but also ICAM-1-negative tumors , presumably by causing cytotoxicity in tumor-associated endothelium ( CD31(+) ) and macrophages ( CD68(+) ) over-expressing ICAM-1 .	
The targeting moiety was derived from the modular domain present in α(L) integrin , which was engineered for high affinity and cross-reactivity with human and murine ICAM-1 .	
The aim of this study was to evaluate the cellular responses to temozolomide treatment associated with methoxyamine ( blocker of base excision repair ) in glioblastoma cell lines , in order to test the hypothesis that the blockage of base excision repair pathway might sensitize glioblastoma cells to temozolomide .	
Western blot analysis demonstrated that APE1 and FEN1 presented a slightly reduced expression levels under the combined treatment , probably due to AP sites blockade by methoxyamine , thus causing a minor requirement of base excision repair pathway downstream to the AP removal by APE1 .	
In addition , the effects of histidine mutations on extracellular respiration were tested using ferrihydrite and current production in microbial fuel cells .	
In addition , of apoptotic cells ( sub-G1 fraction ) were observed at 48h .	
The results obtained in the present study demonstrated the efficiency of methoxyamine to overcome glioblastoma resistance to temozolomide treatment .	
On the other hand , PCNA expression in temozolomide plus methoxyamine-treated cells does not rule out the possibility that such alteration might be related to the blockage of cell cycle ( G2-phase ) , as observed at 24h of recovery time .	
However , the molecular mechanisms underlying these antineoplastic effects are not well understood .	
We determined the effects of S-nitrosoglutathione ( GSNO , NO-donor ) and U0126 ( MEK inhibitor ) on insulin-like growth factor-I ( IGF-I ) and epidermal growth factor ( EGF ) signaling , proliferation and invasion in cancer cell lines .	
We now demonstrate that these impairments are also present in vivo .	
We had previously reported that NO downregulates the phosphatidylinositol-3-kinase/Akt pathway , but upregulates the MEK/ERK pathway downstream of growth factor signaling .	
Because migration is necessary for the antitumor activity of monocytes/macrophages , these deficits may contribute to the suppressed immune system seen in cancer patients .	2	22
GSNO as well as U0126 , inhibits the proliferation of MIAPaCa-2 , HCT-116 , Panc-1 , MCF-7 , HT-29 and AGS cells in a dose-dependent manner .	
GSNO inhibits phosphorylation of IGF-I receptor ( IGF-IR ) , EGF receptor ( EGFR ) and Akt , but upregulates ERK1/2 phosphorylation in MIAPaCa-2 and HCT-116 cells after stimulation by IGF-I and EGF .	921	93	92	9
All genes identified and microarray data are available on the web at http://dasan.sejong.ac.kr/	
These data show that gene expressional change of MMP-9 is a major mediator for angiogenesis inhibition by DC .	
DC potently inhibited the expression of MMP-9 , yet showed no direct effect on its activity .	
In a clinical study , we analyzed the effect of a selective COX-2 inhibitor , Rofecoxib , on the migration of monocytes derived from cancer patients .	
Interestingly , 9 angiogenesis-related genes were down-regulated over 5-fold in response to DC , suggesting that the genetic reprogramming was crucially involved in anti-angiogenesis by the compound .	
Of 1024 human cancer-focused genes arrayed , 187 genes were up-regulated and 72 genes were down-regulated at least 2-fold by DC .	
In the present study , we evaluated anti-angiogenic activity of demethoxycurcumin ( DC ) , a structural analog of curcumin , isolated from Curcuma aromatica , and investigated the effect of DC on genetic reprogramming in cultured human umbilical vein endothelial cells ( HUVECs ) using cDNA microarray analysis .	
cDNA microarray-based gene expression analysis has been successfully employed to explore the action mechanism and to validate the targets of several drugs .	
Since in the brain and other tissues of these mice , wild-type human A\u03b2PP mRNA and protein levels are comparable to those of endogenous A\u03b2PP , this model may allow studies about the role of A\u03b2PP isoforms in the pathogenesis of AD .	
SIRT6 may be a potential pharmacological target for inflammatory vascular diseases .	a	7	71
Taken together , these results demonstrate that the loss of SIRT6 in endothelial cells is associated with upregulation of genes involved in inflammation , vascular remodelling , and angiogenesis .	a	a2	7	71
P53 activity plays a key role in mammalian cells when they undergo replicative senescence at their Hayflick limit .	
To determine whether p63 proteins , members of the family of p53-related genes , are also involved in this process , we examined their expression in serially passaged rat embryo fibroblasts .	
Upon senescence , two truncated DeltaNp63 proteins decreased in abundance whereas two TAp63 isoforms accumulated. 2-D gel analysis showed that the DeltaNp63 proteins underwent post-translational modifications in both proliferating and senescent cells .	42	4
Direct binding of DeltaNp63 proteins to a p53 consensus motif was greater in proliferating cells than senescent cells .	42	4
In contrast p63alpha isoforms bound to DNA in a p53 dependent manner and this was higher in senescent cells than proliferating cells .	42	4
An interaction of p63alpha proteins with SV40 large tumour antigen was also detected and ectopic expression of DeltaNp63alpha can extend the lifespan of rat embryo fibroblasts .	
Taken together the results indicate that p63 proteins may play a role in replicative senescence either by competition for p53 DNA binding sites or by direct interaction with p53 protein bound to DNA .	42	4
In the mouse xenograft model with s.c .	
SkBr3 cells , daily treatment with LPA retarded tumor progression .	
These data suggests that LPA can reduce ( 1 ) cell viability/proliferation , ( 2 ) uptake of [ 18F]-FDG and ( 3 ) lactate production and increase apoptosis in all investigated cell lines .	8	3	81
In contrast , DCA was almost ineffective .	
Therefore , LPA seems to be a promising compound for cancer treatment .	
Knockdown of SIRT6 increased the expression of proinflammatory cytokines ( IL-1β , IL-6 , IL-8 ) , COX-prostaglandin system , ECM remodelling enzymes ( MMP-2 , MMP-9 and PAI-1 ) , the adhesion molecule ICAM-1 , and proangiogenic growth factors VEGF and FGF-2 ; cell migration ; cell adhesion to leukocytes .	11	71	711	1	a2	a	7
No effects on the tumor vasculature were noted in the setting of EGFR suppression , suggesting that angiogenesis induced by SK-NEP-1 cells is refractory to EGFR inhibition .	7	71
Despite a cytotoxic effect on cell lines , gefitinib had little effect on tumor growth .	
RESULTS Gefitinib suppressed in vitro cell growth with an IC(50) = 1.36 μM .	9
EGFR and vascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF ) expression were quantified using quantitative polymerase chain reaction ( qPCR ) .	
After cessation of gefitinib , tumor growth was increased in both groups ( 7.37 � 1.62 g versus 6.77 � 1.53 g , P = 0.79 ) .	
Minimal tumor growth suppression was noted at 6 wk ( 6.01 � 1.2 g in control versus 4.61 � 0.9 g treated , P = 0.36 ) .	
At 6 wk , the vascular maturity index was similar in both groups ( 3.63 � 1.12 versus 4.09 � 1.71 , P = 0.83 ) .	
Microvessel density was unchanged despite EGFR inhibition ( 161,000 � 16,000 pixels versus 135,000 � 18,000 pixels , P = 0.31 ) .	7	71
CONCLUSIONS EGFR expression was suppressed in cultured cells and xenograft tumors .	
A downward trend in EGFR expression ( 49% of control ) and an upward trend in VEGF levels ( 50% of control ) occurred in the treated group .	7	71
It has been reported that tumor expression of ERCC1 , a key component in nucleotide excision repair , may correlate with clinical response to platinum agents .	
Platinum compounds are the foundation of chemotherapy regimens for non-small cell lung cancer ( NSCLC ) despite poor response rates and limited response duration .	
We therefore hypothesized that combining PARP inhibition with platinum compounds may be an approach to improve platinum-based therapy for NSCLC .	
We found that most primary lung tumor specimens demonstrated a stronger protein expression of poly ( ADP ribose ) polymerases 1 ( PARP1 ) than their normal counterparts .	
Moreover , siRNA knockdown of ERCC1 in A549 and H157 cells increased their sensitivities to both cisplatin and olaparib in a synergistic manner in our model .	
Drug combination experiments revealed that two distinct PARP inhibitors , olaparib and veliparib not only potentiated the cell killing by cisplatin but also conferred cytotoxicity as a single agent specifically in ERCC1-low HCC827 and PC9 but not in ERCC1-high A549 and H157 lung cancer cells .	
Collectively , these data suggest that there is a synergistic relationship between PARP inhibition and low ERCC1 expression in NSCLC that could be exploited for novel therapeutic approaches in lung cancer therapy based on tumor ERCC1 expression .	
Furthermore , mechanistic studies indicated that combined PARP inhibitor and cisplatin could lead to sustained DNA double strand breaks , prolonged G2/M cell cycle arrest with distinct activation of checkpoint kinase 1 signaling , and more pronounced apoptosis preferentially in lung cancer cells with low ERCC1 expression .	612	51	61	5	6	511	8	81
We describe the immunohistochemistry profile of the tumor and the successful long-term results of treatment with sunitinib , a multi-targeted tyrosine kinase inhibitor .	
Also , we discuss the rationale for using this type of medication based on immunohistochemistry results .	
BACKGROUND Metastatic epithelioid hemangioendothelioma of the kidney is a rare malignant vascular tumor with a wide spectrum of behaviors .	
Therefore , K5 may suppress tumor pulmonary metastasis through inhibiting SDF-1α-CXCR4 chemotaxis movement and down-regulation of VEGF .	12	7	711	1	71
Compounds like c9,t11-CLA , that specifically alter membrane properties , could be used to develop new anticancer strategies .	
CASE REPORT We present the case of a 53-year-old male patient with tumor metastases which developed after radical nephrectomy .	
We have recently shown that androgens activate the EGFR pathway in bladder cancer cells .	
GENERAL SIGNIFICANCE The results point to the importance of the cell membrane interactions with the nucleus after injury inflicted by X -rays .	
We suppose that c9,t11-CLA modified the membrane structure , thus disturbing the intracellular EGFR transport and the EGFR-dependent pro-survival signalling , both functionally associated with lipid raft properties .	
Whereas ARF plays the principal role in Ras-induced arrest of mouse fibroblasts , our data imply that INK4a assumes this role in human fibroblasts .	
Moreover , ectopic Ras enables the cells to grow as anchorage-independent colonies , and in relatively young Q34 cells anchorage independence can be achieved without addition of telomerase or perturbation of the p53 pathway .	
Unlike normal human fibroblasts , Q34 cells are not permanently arrested by Ras or its downstream effectors Ets1 and Ets2 .	
Only one of the mutations affects the sequence of ARF , causing an apparently innocuous change near its carboxy terminus .	63	6
Both mutations alter the amino acid sequence of INK4a and functionally impair the protein , although they do so to different degrees .	63	6
Here we analyze dermal fibroblasts ( designated Q34 ) from an individual carrying independent missense mutations in each copy of the common exon .	
INK4a and ARF are distinct proteins encoded by transcripts in which a shared exon is decoded in alternative reading frames .	
The INK4a/ARF tumor suppressor locus is implicated in the senescence-like growth arrest provoked by oncogenic Ras in primary cells .	
These stable cell lines expressed approximately equivalent ERα compared with parental MCF-7 cells and were evaluated for growth , morphology , migration/invasion , and ERα-regulated gene expression .	
S118A cells and S167A cells exhibited increased growth and migration/invasion in vitro .	11	1
Forward- and side-scatter flow cytometry revealed that S167A cells were smaller in size , and both S118A and S167A cells exhibited less cellular complexity .	
S118A and S167A cells expressed pancytokeratin and membrane localization of β-catenin and did not express vimentin , indicating retention of epithelial lineage markers .	
Elevated phosphorylation of estrogen receptor α ( ERα ) at serines 118 ( S118 ) and 167 ( S167 ) is associated with favorable outcome for tamoxifen adjuvant therapy and may serve as surrogate markers for a functional ERα signaling pathway in breast cancer .	
It is possible that loss of phosphorylation at S118 and/or S167 could disrupt ERα signaling , resulting in aggressive ERα-independent breast cancer cells .	
To this end , MCF-7 breast cancer cells were stably transfected with an ERα-specific short hairpin RNA that reduced endogenous ERα .	
The resulting cell line was stably transfected with wild-type ERα ( ER-AB cells ) , or ERα containing serine to alanine mutation at S118 or S167 ( S118A cells and S167A cells , respectively ) .	
Expression of ERα-target genes and other genes regulated by ERα signaling or involved in breast cancer were markedly altered in both S118A and S167A cells .	
In summary , attenuated phosphorylation of ERα at S118 and S167 significantly affected cellular physiology and behavior in MCF-7 breast cancer cells , resulting in increased growth , migration/invasion , compromised expression of ERα target genes , and markedly altered gene expression patterns .	11	1
These data indicate that human bronchial cells are transformed by DU and exhibit significant chromosome instability consistent with a neoplastic phenotype .	
Cytogenetic analyses showed that 53% of the DU-transformed cell lines possess a hypodiploid phenotype .	
We also characterized these DU-induced transformed cell lines and found that 40% of the cell lines exhibit alterations in plating efficiency and no significant changes in the cytotoxic response to DU .	
We observed the loss of contact inhibition and anchorage independent growth in cells exposed to DU after 24 h .	5	52
Accordingly , we determined the neoplastic transforming ability of particulate DU to human bronchial epithelial cells ( BEP2D ) .	
However , there is limited research information on the potential carcinogenicity of DU in human bronchial cells .	
Previous studies have shown that DU has both chemical and radiological toxicity and that the primary route of exposure of DU to humans is through inhalation and ingestion .	
Depleted uranium ( DU ) is commonly used in military armor and munitions , and thus , exposure of soldiers and noncombatants is frequent and widespread .	
In conclusion , the Warburg effect might serve as a negative feedback loop that regulates the pHe toward a broad acidic range by altering lactic acid production through inversion of metabolic systems .	31	3
These effects were independent of changes in O(2) concentration or glucose supply .	
Assay of angiogenic factors , using an antibody array , showed VEGF , MMP-9 , Angiopoietin1/2 , Tissue Factor and FGF-1 expression were dramatically reduced in LLL12-treated tumors compared to control tumors .	71	7	711
Treated tumors demonstrated decreased proliferation ( Ki67 staining ) , and decreased microvessel density ( CD34 staining ) , but no significant increase in apoptosis ( TUNEL staining ) , relative to controls .	8	81	7	71
CA-Stat3 transfection attenuated , whereas Stat3 knockdown enhanced , the effects of metformin upon growth inhibition and apoptosis induction .	8	81
A Stat3 specific inhibitor acted synergistically with metformin in reducing cell growth and inducing apoptosis .	8	81
Metformin's effects were also studied in sublines with forced over-expression of constitutively active ( CA ) Stat3 , as well as lines with stable knockdown of Stat3 .	
Metformin inhibited Stat3 activation ( P-Stat3 ) at Tyr705 and Ser727 and downstream signaling in each of the four parental cell lines .	
Because TN cells are particularly sensitive to the anti-diabetic agent metformin , we hypothesized that it may target JAK2/Stat3 signaling .	
The effects of metformin upon Stat3 expression and activation were examined in four human TN cell lines .	
A distinct group of breast cancers , called " basal " or " triple-negative " ( TN ) cancers express both basal cytokeratins and the epidermal growth factor receptor , but fail to express estrogen receptors , progesterone receptors or HER2 and have stem-like or mesenchymal features .	
They are particularly aggressive , are frequently chemo-resistant , with p53 mutation , up-regulation of IL-6 and Stat3 .	
An mTOR inhibitor showed no significant interaction with metformin .	
In summary , Stat3 is a critical regulator of metformin action in TN cancer cells , providing the potential for enhancing metformin's efficacy in the clinical setting .	
We found that genistein dose-dependently inhibited the proliferation of human NPC cell line CNE2 cells .	
The tumor suppressors Lats1 and Lats2 are mediators of the Hippo pathway that regulates tissue growth and proliferation .	
OBJECTIVE Through a combination of expression analysis and functional in vitro and in vivo studies , we have attempted to gain insight into the relevance of S100A11 overexpression in PTC biology .	
CONCLUSION Therefore , dietary astaxanthin decreases a DNA damage biomarker and acute phase protein , and enhances immune response in young healthy females .	a1	61	a	6
There was no difference in TNF and IL-2 concentrations , but plasma IFN-gamma and IL-6 increased on wk 8 in subjects given 8 mg astaxanthin .	
Subjects fed 2 mg astaxanthin had a higher tuberculin response than unsupplemented subjects .	
CONCLUSIONS Our data demonstrate that STI571 inhibits PDGF-mediated growth and leads to apoptosis of osteosarcoma cells in vitro by selective inhibition of the PDGFR tyrosine kinase .	9	92	81	8
The effectiveness of STI571 in our studies suggests targeting of PDGFRs as a novel treatment for osteosarcoma .	
There was no significant difference in tumor size between treatment and control mice .	
Aberrant signaling pathways downstream of the PDGFR in the v-Ki-ras oncogene-transformed KRIB cell line may in part explain this finding .	
Increased number of cases with repair gene methylation were seen with increasing severity of the esophageal pathology suggesting epigenetic progression parallels histologic changes .	62	6
Moreover , selective estrogen receptor modulators did not affect genistein induced growth inhibition .	9	93
Control of cell cycle-regulatory microRNAs adds a new dimension to the spectrum of cardiovascular protective effects afforded by apoE and apoE-HDL .	
CONCLUSIONS ApoE inhibits VSMC proliferation by regulating p27 through miR221/222 .	
Taken together , our results show that functional Nrf2 confers a protective effect against UVB-induced inflammation , sunburn reaction , and SFN-mediated photoprotective effects in the skin .	a	a2
Additionally , UVB-induced short-term inflammatory biomarkers ( interleukin-1β and interleukin-6 ) were increased in the KO mice and UVB-induced apoptotic cells in the KO mice were significantly higher as compared to that in the WT .	a	a2
A single dose of UVB ( 300 mJ/cm(2) ) resulted in skin inflammation in both WT and Nrf2 KO ( -/- ) mice ( KO mice ) at 8 h and 8 d following UVB irradiation .	a	a2
In this study , we sought to identify and characterize a human PAT with activity toward N-terminally myristoylated and palmitoylated proteins .	
NIH/3t3 cells were stably transfected with vectors containing no insert , wild type human DHHC20 , or a serine-substituted DHHS20 mutant .	
In the WT mice inflammation returned to the basal level to a greater extent when compared to the KO mice .	a	a2
Cells expressing DHHS20 had no significant change in activity toward either peptide .	
Ultraviolet ( UV ) of sunlight is a complete carcinogen that can burn skin , enhance inflammation , and drive skin carcinogenesis .	
Since Nrf2 plays critical roles in the anti-oxidative stress/anti-inflammatory responses , it is relevant to assess the role of Nrf2 for photoprotection against UV .	
Overall , these results demonstrate that DHHC20 is a human N-terminal-myristoyl-directed PAT involved in cellular transformation , that may play a role in cancer .	
The presence of a population of infiltrating MHC-II-positive cells in primary Rb tumors has implications for immunomodulation of Rb growth .	
The high levels of constitutive NCAM immunoreactivity on Rb tumor cells confirm the neuroectodermal origins of this tumor .	
Additionally , the variable expression of Thy-1 may suggest separate neural lineages or differences in the maturational status ofsome Rb tumors .	
The cell composition of spleens of SR/CR mice reflected the differential regulation of the innate immune cells in peritoneal exudates .	
Both peritoneal exudates and the spleens of SR/CR mice contained decreased proportions of B-cells compared with BALB/c and C57BL/6 mice .	
We reproduce important aspects of previous published data and further extend them by showing differentially regulated populations of splenocytes including B-lymphocytes in SR/CR mice compared with parent strain controls .	
Importantly , this differentially regulated immune response of SR/CR mice could not be found in response to challenge with the lymphoma cell line EL-4 .	2	21
Interestingly , erythropoietin ( EPO ) releasing scaffolds , but not stromal cell-derived factor-1α-releasing scaffolds , were found to accumulate substantially more melanoma cells than controls .	
Rather unexpectedly , perhaps by indirectly reducing circulating cancer cells , mice implanted with EPO-releasing scaffolds had longer life span than other groups .	
Taking advantage of localized and controllable inflammatory responses induced by biomaterial implantation and the capability of tissue scaffolds to release a wide variety of chemokines , we report a novel system for studying the molecular mechanisms of inflammation-mediated cancer metastasis .	
The animal model is comprised of an initial subcutaneous implantation of biomaterial microspheres which prompt localized inflammatory responses , followed by the transplantation of metastatic cancer cells into the peritoneal cavity or blood circulation .	
Inflammatory responses and associated products have been implicated in cancer metastasis .	
However , the relationship between these two processes is uncertain due to the lack of a suitable model .	
Inflammation-mediated cancer cell migration was inhibited by small molecule inhibitors of CXCR4 but not by neutralizing antibody against CCL21 .	
Using chemokine-releasing scaffolds , further studies were carried out to explore the possibility of enhancing cancer cell recruitment .	
Histological results demonstrated that substantial numbers of B16F10 cells were recruited to the site nearby biomaterial implants .	
There was a strong correlation between the degree of biomaterial-mediated inflammatory responses and number of recruited cancer cells .	
The patient showed no stigmata of Multiple Endocrine Neoplasia ( MEN ) and has no paraganglioma in any other anatomic site .	
It can specifically methylate histone H3 at lysine 4 and activate the transcription of a set of downstream genes , including several oncogenes ( e.g. , N-myc , CrkL , Wnt10b , RIZ and hTERT ) and genes involved in the control of cell cycle ( e.g. , CyclinG1 and CDK2 ) and signal transduction ( e.g. , STAT1 , MAP3K11 and PIK3CB ) .	
There was a richly vascularized stroma .	
Abstract Different cyclooxygenase ( COX)-2 inhibitors were known to cause different cell cycle changes .	
CONCLUSION : From our data we conclude that epigenetic inactivation of CD81 is a common feature of gastric tumors and that this inactivation may render growth and survival advantages to the tumor cells , at least partially through p38 signaling .	
CD81 was found to inhibit p38 ( but not ERK , JNK and AKT ) phosphorylation and its growth suppressive effect could be abolished through p38 up- and down-regulation .	
In conclusion , CDA-2 potently inhibits lung tumor development by reduction of the inflammation in lung through suppression of NF-κB activation in myeloid cells , associating with modulation of TLR2 signaling .	a	a2
We investigated whether this different effect on cell cycle change was due to concentration-dependent effect .	
Furthermore , CDA-2 and PG decrease the expressions of TLR2 , TLR6 , and CD14 , but not TLR1 , TLR3 , TLR4 , and TLR9 in bone-marrow-derived macrophages ( BMDM ) of mice stimulated by LLC-conditioned medium ( LLC-CM ) .	
CDA-2 and PG significantly reduced NF-κB DNA-binding activity in lung cancer cells and in alveolar macrophages of tumor bearing mice and especially decreased the release of inflammatory factors including TNFα , IL-6 , and KC .	a	a2
TLR2:TLR6 complexes mediate the effect of NF-κB inactivation by CDA-2 .	
Over-expressing TLR2 in BMDM prevented CDA-2 and PG from inhibiting NF-κB activation , as well as induction of TNFα and IL-6 .	
However , the mechanisms of tumor inhibitory action of CDA-2 are far from clear , and especially there was no report on lung cancer .	
We investigated the effects of celecoxib , a COX-2 selective inhibitor , on cell cycle regulation in irradiated cancer cells that express high or low levels of COX-2 .	
Proliferative program analysis in cancer cells revealed a fundamental impact of CDA-2 and PG on proliferation and apoptosis , including Bcl-2 , Bcl-XL , cIAP1 , Survivin , PCNA , Ki-67 proteins and TUNEL assays .	8	81
Here we demonstrate that CDA-2 and its main component phenylacetylglutamine ( PG ) reduce the metastatic lung tumor growth , and increases survival time after inoculation with Lewis lung carcinoma ( LLC ) cells in a dose-dependent manner in C57BL6 mice .	1	12
No significant differences in the accumulation of intracellular platinum were detected by atomic absorption spectrophotometry .	
Evaluation of the kinetics of the removal of DNA interstrand cross-links , measured by alkaline elution , showed a significant reduction of this removal in the cells exposed to 5-FU followed by CDDP with a drug-free interval of 48 h , as compared with cells exposed to CDDP alone , or to 5-FU immediately followed by CDDP , although no differences were found in the formation of DNA interstrand cross-links by CDDP among these cells .	61	6
Thymidine did not alter the 5-FU-CDDP interaction .	
In contrast , the cytotoxicity of CDDP was attenuated when it preceded the exposure to 5-FU .	
This synergistic activity was maximal when the interval between 5-FU and CDDP exceeded 24 h .	
The cytotoxic action of CDDP was augmented , and a greater than additive effect was observed when the cells were exposed to 5-FU ( 1.0 micrograms/ml ; 7.7 microM ) for 24 h before the CDDP treatment .	
Exposure to 5-FU for 24 h and to CDDP for 1 h produced a 50% inhibitory concentration of 1.0 micrograms/ml ( 7.7 microM ) and 2.5 micrograms/ml ( 8.3 microM ) , respectively .	
To elucidate the mechanism of the synergistic cytotoxicity of 5-fluorouracil ( 5-FU ) and cis-diamminedichloroplatinum(II) ( CDDP ) , we studied the interaction of these agents using a human squamous carcinoma cell line ( HST-1 ) .	
Celecoxib differentially modulated the cell cycle according to the concentrations applied .	9	51	511	5	91
Transcriptional profiling revealed decreased expression of DNA repair and oxidative stress response genes in colon , but not in liver .	a21	62	a2	a	6
These findings suggest that 5-FU modulates the repair of platinum-DNA adducts , thereby potentiating the antitumor activity of CDDP .	61	611	6
RT-PCR was performed to detect the expression of GnRH receptor mRNA in cultured leiomyoma cells .	
The effects of GnRHa on the number of viable cells , expression of proliferating cell nuclear antigen ( PCNA ) , Fas and Fas ligand , and apoptosis in cultured leiomyoma cells were examined by MTT ( 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyl tetrasodium bromide ) assay , immunocytochemical analysis , Western blot analysis and TUNEL assay respectively .	
METHODS Isolated leiomyoma cells were subcultured in DMEM supplemented with 10% FBS for 5 days and stepped down to serum-free conditions for an additional 6 days in the presence or absence of graded concentrations of GnRHa ( 10(-9) mol/l to 10(-12) mol/l ) .	
OBJECTIVE To elucidate the direct effects of gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonist ( GnRHa ) on the growth of human uterine leiomyoma cells , cell proliferation and apoptosis in cultured leiomyoma cells treated with GnRHa were investigated .	
These direct effects of GnRHa on the number of viable cultured leiomyoma cells , PCNA-positive rate , apoptosis-positive rate and Fas/Fas ligand expression in the cultured leiomyoma cells were only attained after the 4-day treatment .	8	81
GnRHa markedly increased the expression of Fas and induced the expression of Fas ligand in the cultured leiomyoma cells on the basis of Western blot analysis .	8	81
The growth inhibition of cultured leiomyoma cells treated with GnRHa in concentrations higher than 10(-10) mol/l was associated with the suppression of the proliferative potential characterized by a decrease in PCNA-positive rate of the cultured cells ( P<0.01 ) and an increase in the apoptosis-positive rate assessed by TUNEL assay ( P<0.05 and P<0.01 ) .	9	81	8
RESULTS Treatment with GnRHa resulted in a decrease in the number of cultured viable leiomyoma cells assessed by MTT assay in a dose-dependent manner compared with that in control cultures ( P<0.01 ) .	
It has cytotoxic effects through inhibiting cellular proliferation , leads to the induction of apoptosis , as increased fraction of sub-G1 phase of the cell cycle , chromatin condensation and DNA ladder .	8	81
It inhibited cyclin-D1 and cyclin-E expression and induced p53 , p21 expression in dose dependent manner .	91	9	51	5
CONCLUSIONS The present results demonstrate that GnRHa directly inhibits the growth of human uterine leiomyoma cells by suppressing cell proliferation and inducing apoptosis , which might be associated with the increase in Fas expression and the induction of Fas ligand expression in the cells .	8	81
RT-PCR analysis revealed that GnRH receptor mRNA was expressed in cultured leiomyoma cells .	
Cellular redox changes have emerged as a pivotal and proximal event in cancer .	
Therefore , the stratified meta-analysis was subsequently conducted and the results indicated that the 235delC mutation was significantly correlated with the risk of NHSL in the East Asian and South-east Asian populations ( OR = 12.05 , 95%CI 8.33 P <0.00001 ) , but not significantly in the Oceania and European populations ( OR = 10.36 , 95%CI : 4.68 Z = 1.68 , P >0.05 ) .	
Cytotoxicity study of PKI 166 ( IC50 1.0 microM ) treated A431 cells were performed by MTT assay for 48 and 72 hrs .	
Morphological analysis of PKI 166 treated A431 cells for 48 hrs. revealed the cell shrinkage , loss of filopodia and lamellipodia by phase contrast and SEM images in dose dependent manner .	
Taken together , these results provide evidence that C225 can suppress tumor-induced neovascularization and metastasis in SCC of the head and neck .	1	12	7	71
Controlling tumour cell invasion and angiogenesis is essential to improve the prognosis of glioblastoma patients .	
The effect of C225 was additionally examined using an in vivo tumor xenograft neovascularization model of angiogenesis .	
Systemic treatment with C225 not only reduced tumor growth and the number of blood capillaries but also hindered the growth of established vessels toward the tumor .	7	71
TA treatment prevented deteriorative effects induced by DMH through a protective mechanism that involved reduction of oxidative stress as well as COX-2 , i-NOS , PCNA protein expression levels and TNF-α(p<0.001) release .	a21	a2	a
It could be concluded from our results that TA markedly protects against chemically induced colon toxicity and acts plausibly by virtue of its antioxidant , anti-inflammatory and antiproliferative activities .	a21	a2	a
Efficacy of TA against the colon toxicity was evaluated in terms of biochemical estimation of antioxidant enzyme activities , lipid peroxidation , histopathological changes and expression of early molecular markers of inflammation and tumor promotion .	
DMH treatment induced oxidative stress enzymes ( p<0.001 ) and an early inflammatory and tumor promotion response in the colons of Wistar rats .	a21	a2	a
METHODS A systematic review was performed by means of a meta-analysis to evaluate the influence of the 235delC mutation on the risk of NSHL .	
Infected mice developed severe colitis and hepatitis by 10wk post-infection , progressing into colon carcinoma by 20wk post-infection , with pronounced pathology in the cecum and proximal colon marked by infiltration of neutrophils and macrophages .	a	a2
BACKGROUND The 235delC mutation of GJB2 gene is considered as a risk factor for the non-syndromic hearing loss ( NSHL ) , and a significant difference in the frequency and distribution of the 235delC mutation has been described world widely .	
A total of 36 papers were included and there contained 13217 cases and 6521 controls derived from Oceania , American , Europe and Asian .	
A literature search in electronic databases using keywords " 235delC " , " GJB2 " associated with " carrier frequency " was conducted to include all papers from January 1999 to June 2011 .	
These results suggest that low DNA repair capacity is responsible for the high radiosensitivity of these CSC-like cells .	62	6
We analyzed the xenografts for several tumor parameters , including tumor size , inflammation , vascularity , mitoses , tumor recurrence at the primary site following resection , and metastases .	
Interestingly , TPEN induced apoptosis independently of glucose ; leukemic cells are therefore devoid of survival capacity by metabolic resistance to treatment .	8	81
We found that 19 of 52 mice inoculated with vector-transduced cells developed metastases in multiple organs while only one of 55 mice receiving RARbeta2-transduced cells displayed evidence of metastases ( p < 0.000001 , combined experiments , two-tailed Fisher's exact test ) .	1	12
The scores of immunohistochemical staining of PCNA and VEGF proteins were decreased , while p21 increased .	9	71	51	711	511	5	7	91
There were statistically significant differences between the control group and each treatment group ( P < 0.05 or P < 0.01 ) .	
A novel heterozygous missense mutation c.1151 A>G in exon 3 of MYOC was found in all five patients diagnosed as POAG and four glaucoma suspects , but not in the rest of the family members and 102 normal controls .	63	6
RESULTS Elevated intraocular pressure and late-stage glaucomatous cupping of the optic disc were found in five patients of this family .	
Deregulated activity of Wnt growth factors resulting from overexpression of the Wnt inhibitor Dickkopf-1 ( DKK-1 ) is known to contribute to formation of the osteoblastic component of PCa skeletal bone metastases .	
Osteoblastic bone metastases are the most common metastases produced by human prostate cancers ( PCa ) .	
PCa cells deficient in DKK-1 expression did not increase canonical Wnt signaling in target osteoblast cell lines ; however , DKK-1 knockdown PCa cells exhibited increased expression of the CDK inhibitor p21(CIP1/WAF1) and a 32% increase in G(1) arrest compared with control cells .	511	5	51
In this study , we report that DKK-1 knockdown in osteolytic human PCa cells unexpectedly delays the development of both soft tissue and osseous lesions .	
Collectively , our findings demonstrate that DKK-1 overexpression supports tumor growth in part by restricting expression of p21(CIP1/WAF1) through a mechanism independent of canonical Wnt signaling .	511	5	51
Ablating p21(CIP1/WAF1) in PCa cells deficient in DKK-1 was sufficient to rescue tumor growth .	
METHODS Twenty one members from a Chinese Uygur family of four generations were included in the study .	
PURPOSE To characterize the clinical features of a Chinese Uygur pedigree with primary open-angle glaucoma ( POAG ) and to identify mutations in two candidate genes , trabecular meshwork inducible glucocorticoid response ( MYOC/TIGR ) and human dioxin-inducible cytochrome P450 ( CYP1B1 ) .	
Although erlotinib did not have any effect on the proliferation of SBC-5 cells in vitro , it significantly suppressed bone and lung metastases in vivo , but not liver metastases .	1	12
This model was used to investigate the therapeutic efficacy of erlotinib , an EGFR-TKI , on multiple organ metastases induced by human small cell lung cancer cells ( SBC-5 cells ) that did not express EGFR .	
The hMTH1 expression in HCC tissue was significantly higher than in non-tumorous liver tissue ( P = 0.014 ) .	
Inversely , The hMYH alpha expression was significantly increased ( P = 0.039 ) in non-tumorous liver tissue .	
To elucidate role of the three enzymes in hepatocarcinogenesis , hMTH1 , hOGG1 and hMYH , mRNA expression were examined by using RT/semi-quantitative real-time PCR and 8-O-HdG levels was studied by HPLC/ECD in HCC and non-tumorous liver tissue of 21 patients with hepatocellular carcinoma ( HCC ) .	
It was found that the 8-OHdG level in non-tumourous liver tissue was significantly higher than in HCC tissue ( P = 0.006 ) , and this was correlated with the degree of inflammation .	a21	61	a2	a	6
Our findings suggested a reactive rather than pathogenic role of the DNA repair enzymes in the hepatocarcinogenesis .	62	6
Our results are consistent with numerous previous clinical studies showing that metformin ( a weak mitochondrial " poison" ) prevents the onset of nearly all types of human cancers in diabetic patients .	
No difference was seen in hOGG1 expression in non-tumorous liver and HCC tissue .	
A significant linear correlation between hMTH1 and hOGG1 expression was found both in HCC tissue ( r = 0.809 , P < 0.001 ) and in non-tumorous liver tissue ( r = 0.883 , P < 0.001 ) .	
We propose this new regulatory process of cyclin-CDK association as a general mechanism coupling miRNA-mediated CDC25A invalidation to CDK post-transcriptional modifications and cell cycle control .	91	9
Blocking miR-483-3p accumulation strongly delays cell cycle exit , maintains cells into a proliferative state and retards their differentiation program .	
The environmental arylamine mutagens are implicated in the etiology of various sporadic human cancers .	
Although the events involved in cell cycle entry have been widely documented , those managing cell cycle exit have remained so far ill defined .	
Disruption of contact inhibition and serum afflux that occur after a tissue injury activate cell cycle , which then stops when confluence is reached again .	
This prevents CDK4/6 kinases ' activation , impairs downstream events such as cyclin E stimulation and sequesters cells in early G1 .	91	9
We show that the miRNA-induced silencing of CDC25A increases the tyrosine phosphorylation status of CDK4/6 cyclin-dependent kinases which , in turn , abolishes CDK4/6 capacity to associate with D-type cyclins .	91	9
This arrest results from a direct targeting of the CDC25A phosphatase by miR-483-3p , which can be impeded using an anti-miRNA against miR-483-3p or a protector that blocks the complex formation between miR-483-3p and the 3'-untranslated region ( UTR ) of CDC25A transcript .	
Using two models of cell cycle synchronization ( i.e. mechanical injury and serum addition ) , we show that an ectopic upregulation of miR-483-3p blocks cell cycle progression in early G1 phase .	9	51	511	5	91
The SR/CR mouse phenotype , first described in 1999 in BALB/c and later bred into C57BL/6 mice , is resistant to cancer formation following high doses of cancer cells administered intraperitoneally .	
Butyrate is the primary energy source of normal colonocytes and is metabolized to acetyl-CoA , which was shown to be important not only for energetics but also for HAT activity .	3
Due to the Warburg effect , cancerous colonocytes rely on glucose as their primary energy source , so butyrate accumulated and functioned as an HDAC inhibitor .	
Widespread changes in gene expression drive tumorigenesis , yet our knowledge of how aberrant epigenomic and transcriptome profiles arise in cancer cells is poorly understood .	
Here , we demonstrate that metabolic transformation plays an important role .	
These findings link a common metabolite to epigenetic mechanisms that are differentially utilized by normal and cancerous cells because of their inherent metabolic differences .	
CONCLUSIONS PEGylated multi-walled carbon nanotubes can be used as sustained release drug delivery system , thus remarkably improving cytotoxicity of oxaliplatin on HT-29 cells .	
Although both mechanisms increased histone acetylation , different target genes were upregulated .	
Consequently , butyrate stimulated the proliferation of normal colonocytes and cancerous colonocytes when the Warburg effect was prevented from occurring , whereas it inhibited the proliferation of cancerous colonocytes undergoing the Warburg effect .	31	3
In MTT assay , MWCNT-PEG-Oxaliplatin showed slightly decreased cytotoxic effect when cell viability was assessed at 12 and 24h .	
RESULTS Loading of oxaliplatin into MWCNT-PEG was Sustained release occurred to MWCNT-PEG-Oxaliplatin , with only 34% of oxaliplatin released into medium within 6h .	
Pt-DNA adducts formation , \u03b3-H2AX formation and cell apoptosis assay results showed the same trend as the MTT assay , suggesting sustained-release for MWCNT-Oxaliplatin and MWCNT-PEG-Oxaliplatin formulations .	
A drastic increase of cytotoxicity was found when cell viability was assessed at 48 and 96h .	
METHODS Oxaliplatin was incorporated into inner cavity of PEGylated multi-walled carbon nanotubes ( MWCNT-PEG ) using nano-extraction .	
PURPOSE To develop PEGylated multi-walled carbon nanotubes as a sustained release drug delivery system .	
Cytotoxicity of oxaliplatin , MWCNT-Oxaliplatin and MWCNT-PEG-Oxaliplatin were evaluated in HT29 cell by MTT assay , Pt-DNA adducts formation , \u03b3-H2AX formation and cell apoptosis assay .	
Oxaliplatin release rates from MWCNT-PEG-Oxaliplatin were investigated using dialysis tubing .	
Here we show that , in vivo , BJ3Z cells influence the angiogenesis and proliferation of xenografted estrogen receptor ( ER)-positive MCF-7 human breast cancer cell-derived solid tumors .	
These cells express alpha-smooth muscle actin and stromal cell-derived factor 1 ( SDF-1 ) and are tumorigenic when injected into mice .	
Recently , we isolated a reactive mouse mammary gland stromal cell line called BJ3Z .	
" Reactive " or activated stroma characterizes many malignancies including breast cancers .	
The effects of BJ3Z cells on MCF-7 cells are equivalent to those of E(2) .	
In vitro , BJ3Z cells reorganize and increase the proliferation of cocultured malignant MCF-7 and normal human breast MCF10A cells grown as organoids in three-dimensional culture .	
BJ3Z cells also increase the proliferation of normal mouse mammary luminal cells adjacent to tumors .	
The growth-promoting effects of BJ3Z cells are equivalent to those of estradiol ( E(2) ) .	9	92
We show that BJ3Z cells secrete vascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF ) .	71	7	711
In contrast , BJ3Z cells do not alter the growth of highly aggressive ER-negative MDA-MB-231 human breast cancer cells .	
These results strongly suggested that erlotinib prevented bone metastases by affecting host microenvironments irrespective of its direct effect on tumor cells .	1	12
In summary , these results suggest that timing and duration of the IGF1R/InsR tyrosine kinase inhibitors with chemotherapeutic agents should be evaluated in clinical trials .	
Long-term disruption of IGF1R/InsR may not be necessary when combined with cytotoxic chemotherapy .	
Furthermore , OSI-906 , a PQIP derivative , inhibited IGF-I signaling in LCC6 xenograft tumors in vivo .	
When given once a week , simultaneous administration of OSI-906 and DOX significantly enhanced the anti-tumor effect of DOX .	
Our findings show that c-Myc deficiency initiates the Warburg effect along with a reduction of mitochondrial respiration .	31	3
KLF4 deficiency also stimulated glycolysis , albeit without cellular respiration impairment .	
We used ultra performance liquid chromatography for quantifying the amino acid uptake and secretion .	
To investigate the potential oncogene-mediated alterations in mitochondrial metabolism , we measured oxygen consumption rate and ATP production as well as the glucose uptake and lactate release .	
Here , we assessed the power of metabolic footprinting ( MFP ) to unravel the bioenergetics and associated anabolic changes induced by three oncogenes , c-Myc , KLF4 and Oct1 .	
The MFP approach provides a quantitative analysis of the metabolites secreted and consumed by cancer cells .	
Studies performed on tumors and cancer cell lines have shown that cancer cells bioenergetics is highly variable .	
This profile changes with microenvironmental conditions ( eg. substrate availability ) , the oncogenes activated ( and the tumor suppressors inactivated ) and the interaction with the stroma ( i.e. reverse Warburg effect ) .	
Ganetespib also showed activity against mouse lung adenocarcinomas driven by oncogenic ERBB2 YVMA .	
Meanwhile , methodological means must be proposed to gather information on tumor metabolism in order to adapt these potential therapies to the bioenergetic specificities of tumors .	
CONCLUSIONS The risk factors for sentinel lymph node metastasis in our study were consistent with those in the Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center nomogram .	1	12
The Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center nomogram is a useful tool that could accurately predict the probability of sentinel lymph node metastasis in our breast cancer patients .	1	12
Total protein kinase C activity and distribution was similar for both clones .	
A slight difference in attachment characteristics between the clones was seen in response to phorbol ester stimulation , which significantly inhibited attachment of the low metastatic clone but which had no effect on the highly metastatic clone .	1	12
Clones of high and low metastatic capacity attached similarly in the absence of any stimulators , exhibiting a two phase time course of attachment with 100% attachment by 60 min .	
The involvement of signal transduction systems in the initial attachment of two murine B16 melanoma clones of differing metastatic potential to extracellular matrix components was examined to learn more of the early events in cell-matrix interaction .	
Patients with predictive value<16% had a frequency of sentinel lymph node metastasis of 0.9% .	1	12
Those with values larger than 70% had a frequency of 96.2% .	
This study suggests that signal transduction mechanisms are involved in melanoma cell attachment to matrix proteins and offers an approach to pharmacological manipulation of these cell-matrix interactions which may be relevant to reducing metastatic spread .	1
Attachment of both clones was severely reduced , however , if intracellular calcium was elevated or intracellular calmodulin inhibited .	
Thus , glucocorticoid receptor activation resulted in promotion of cell proliferation via inhibiting apoptosis yet repression of cell invasion and metastasis .	1	81	8
In all these assays , dexamethasone effects were abolished by a glucocorticoid receptor antagonist or glucocorticoid receptor knockdown via RNA interference .	
These results may provide a basis of developing improved chemotherapy regimens , including or excluding glucocorticoid receptor agonists/antagonists , for urothelial carcinoma .	
Incubation of monocytes with M-CSF or MCP-1 resulted in an up-regulation of IL-8 mRNA and protein expression .	
Isolated human peripheral blood monocytes secreted low basal levels of IL-8 .	
The purpose of this study was to determine whether monocyte recruitment , activation and differentiation mediated by monocyte chemotactic protein-1 ( MCP-1 ) and macrophage colony stimulating factor ( M-CSF ) modulate the expression of the angiogenic factor , Interleukin ( IL)-8 .	
Tumor-associated macrophages ( TAM ) have been shown to play an important role in tumor angiogenesis .	
In summary , we demonstrated that MCP-1 and M-CSF , critical for monocyte recruitment , activation and differentiation , differentially regulate IL-8 expression and may play an important role in monocyte/macrophage-mediated tumor angiogenesis .	7	71
MDM-conditioned media significantly up-regulated IL-8 expression in human malignant melanoma cells in vitro .	
Further activation with lipopolysaccharide ( LPS ) caused an increase in IL-8 secretion in monocytes but not in monocyte-derived macrophages ( MDM ) .	
The differential expression of IL-8 by monocytes following MCP-1 and M-CSF treatments involved activation of the NFkB transcription factor .	
The families Paridae , Remizidae and Stenostiridae clustered among the outgroup taxa and not within Sylvioidea .	
In vitro , mMCP-6 and 7 are able to induce vessel formation .	7	71
These results demonstrate , for the first time , a novel signaling pathway for GDF-15 through interaction with the matricellular signaling molecule CCN2 .	
Furthermore , antagonism of CCN2 mediated angiogenesis by GDF-15 may provide insight into the functional role of GDF-15 in disease states .	7	71
Here we demonstrate an interaction between GDF-15 and CCN2 using yeast two-hybrid assays and have mapped the domain of interaction to the von Willebrand factor type C domain of CCN2 .	
Biochemical pull down assays using secreted GDF-15 and His-tagged CCN2 produced in PC-3 prostate cancer cells confirmed a direct interaction between these proteins .	
Growth differentiation factor-15 ( GDF-15 ) and the CCN family member , connective tissue growth factor ( CCN2 ) , are associated with cardiac disease , inflammation and cancer .	
The precise role and signaling mechanism for these factors in normal and diseased tissues remains elusive .	
Moreover , halofuginone treatment reduced melanoma metastasis to the brain , showing the potential of this novel treatment against cancer metastasis .	1	12
Cancer Res ; 72(23) ; 6247-56. �2012 AACR .	
To investigate the functional consequences of this interaction , in vitro angiogenesis assays were performed .	7	71
We demonstrate that GDF-15 blocks CCN2-mediated tube formation in human umbilical vein endothelial ( HUVEC ) cells .	
FAAF is repaired three to four times more efficiently than FABP and FAF .	
Colorectal cancer ( CRC ) is one of the leading causes of cancer deaths in Western countries .	
A significant number of CRC patients undergoing curatively intended surgery subsequently develop recurrence and die from the disease .	
MicroRNAs ( miRNAs ) are aberrantly expressed in cancers and appear to have both diagnostic and prognostic significance .	
In this study , we identified novel miRNAs associated with recurrence of CRC , and their possible mechanism of action .	
TaqMan� Human MicroRNA Array Set v2.0 was used to profile the expression of 667 miRNAs in 14 normal colon mucosas and 46 microsatellite stable CRC tumors .	
Four miRNAs ( miR-362-3p , miR-570 , miR-148a* and miR-944 ) were expressed at a higher level in tumors from patients with no recurrence ( p < 0.015 ) , compared to tumors from patients with recurrence .	
A significant association with increased disease free survival was confirmed for miR-362-3p in a second independent cohort of 43 CRC patients , using single TaqMan� microRNA assays .	
The discovery of the ' Active Principle(s) ' is warranted .	
We show that a traditional healing plant extract downregulates various oncogenes , induces tumor suppressors , inhibits cell proliferation and triggers apoptosis of malignant cells .	
Subsequently also platelet derived growth factor receptor \u03b2 was downregulated , which was recently shown to be transcriptionally controlled by JunB synergizing with ALK in ALCL development .	
Importantly , the expression of NPM/ALK and its effector JunB were drastically decreased , which correlated with the activation of caspase 3 .	
The extract induced the checkpoint kinases Chk1 and Chk2 and perturbed the orchestrated expression of the Cdc25 family of cell cycle phosphatases which was paralleled by the activation of p53 , p21 and downregulation of c-Myc .	
Thus , we have identified a class of compounds that can directly bind to PCNA , stabilize PCNA trimers , reduce PCNA association with chromatin , and inhibit tumor cell growth by inducing a cell cycle arrest .	
They are valuable tools in studying PCNA function and may be useful for future PCNA-targeted cancer therapy .	
The treatment of breast cancer patients with advanced clinical stage of breast cancer with IL-2 , as an additional therapy , could be advantageous , as NK cells after this treatment increase their cytotoxic activity against tumor cells and can improve therapeutical results .	
Blocking of TNFalpha Rcs with mAbs decrease the reactivity of NK cells for IL-2 .	
The VMI of the DLL4-positive group was significantly higher than that of the DLL4-negative group .	
CONCLUSION DLL4 may be an important regulator for vessel proliferation and maturation in human high-grade malignant gliomas .	7	71
RESULTS Strong immunostaining of DLL4 and a positive correlation of DLL4 with the MVD were observed in high-grade malignant gliomas .	
Flux measurements of pyruvate through lactate dehydrogenase and alanine aminotransferase in the bioreactor system were 12.18 +/- 0.49 nmols/sec/10(8) cells and 2.39 +/- 0.30 nmols/sec/10(8) cells , respectively , were reproducible in the same bioreactor , and were not significantly different over the course of 2 days .	
JM1 cells were found to have a high rate of aerobic glycolysis in both two-dimensional culture and in the bioreactor , with 85% of the ( 13)C label from uniformly labeled ( 13)C-glucose being present as either lactate or alanine after 23 h .	31	3
Although this preliminary study involved immortalized cells , this combination of technologies can be extended to the real-time metabolic exploration of primary benign and cancerous cells and tissues prior to and after therapy .	
JM1 ( immortalized rat hepatoma ) cells were cultured in a three-dimensional NMR-compatible fluidized bioreactor .	
The purpose of this study was to combine a three-dimensional NMR-compatible bioreactor with hyperpolarized ( 13)C NMR spectroscopy in order to probe cellular metabolism in real time .	
( 1)H and two-dimensional ( 1)H-(1)H-total correlation spectroscopy spectra were acquired from extracts of cells grown in uniformly labeled ( 13)C-glucose , on a 16.4 T , to determine ( 13)C fractional enrichment and distribution of ( 13)C label .	
( 31)P spectra were acquired before and after each injection of hyperpolarized [ 1-(13)C ] pyruvate and subsequent ( 13)C spectroscopy at 11.7 T .	
Plasma tumor necrosis factor-alpha ( TNF-alpha ) , interleukin-6 , and F2-isoprostane concentrations were measured using ELISAs , and cystine ( CySS ) was measured using high-performance liquid chromatography .	
Plasma TNF-alpha concentration decreased in the active treatment group by 37% relative to the placebo group ( P = 0.002 ) , and CySS decreased by 19% ( P = 0.03 ) ; however , interleukin-6 and F2-isoprostane concentrations decreased in antioxidant-treated nonsmokers but increased in smokers , although these findings were not statistically significant .	
Previous epidemiologic observational and experimental studies investigated the potential of antioxidant micronutrients to modulate cancer risk , but these studies produced inconsistent results .	
In this pilot , randomized , double-blind , placebo-controlled clinical trial ( n = 47 ) , we assessed the effects of an antioxidant micronutrient combination ( 800 mg dl-alpha-tocopherol acetate , 24 mg beta-carotene , 1.0 g vitamin C , 200 microg l-selenomethionine , 7.2 mg riboflavin , 80 mg niacin , 60 mg zinc , 5 mg manganese ) given daily over 4 months on oxidative and inflammatory biomarkers in patients with a history of sporadic colorectal adenoma .	
The decreases of TNF-alpha and CySS were more pronounced in nonsmokers .	
These data suggest that ( a ) an antioxidant micronutrient cocktail can modulate biomarkers of oxidative stress and inflammation in humans and ( b ) the effects of antioxidant micronutrient supplementation on biomarkers of inflammation and oxidative stress may differ according to smoking status .	a21	a2	a
In tumours still considered stage T1 after re-evaluation , HER2 was investigated by immunohistochemistry of paraffin-embedded material and scored according to the guidelines used in breast cancer .	
RESULTS After histopathological re-evaluation , 201 patients were still T1 UCB and could be investigated regarding HER2 expression .	
High stromal levels of MCT4 were strictly correlated with a loss of stromal Cav-1 ( p-value < 10 ( -14 ) ) , a known marker of early tumor recurrence and metastasis .	
Stage T1 UCB exhibits heterogeneous clinical behaviour , and the frequency of HER2 expression in such disease has not been thoroughly examined .	
The aim of this study was to use an immunohistochemical technique to evaluate the frequency of HER2 expression in a defined population-based cohort of patients registered as having primary stage T1 UCB .	
OBJECTIVE The HER2 receptor is involved in pathways essential for cell proliferation , and is an important predictive and prognostic factor in breast cancer .	
HER2 probably plays a critical role in many types of cancer , including urothelial carcinoma of the bladder ( UCB ) .	
Hospital records provided information on tumour size , multiplicity , possible presence of histologically proven recurrence and progression .	
The patients were followed for at least 5 years or until death .	
MATERIAL AND METHODS The initial study population comprised 285 patients registered as having primary stage T1 UCB .	
The original histological specimens were re-evaluated with regard to T stage and World Health Organization grade .	
The similar results were obtained in mice in vivo experiment , except the reduced expression of GST-pi .	
In summary , the data suggest that ERβ may play a major role in decreasing tumorigenesis and that it may affect breast cancer cell proliferation and survival by altering MAPK and AKT activation as well as modulation of tumor suppressor and angiogenesis factors .	
Treatment with selective ERβ agonist may provide therapeutic advantages for the treatment and prevention of breast cancer .	
The ERβ-selective antagonist THC reversed these changes .	
The regulation of these factors by ERβ was confirmed in clones of MCF7 breast cancer cells overexpressing Her-2/neu in combination with ERβ , suggesting that ERβ may play a direct role in regulating MAPK and AKT pathways .	
Our present data show the induction of several estrogen-related genes , including the tumor suppressors BRCA1 and p53 , and a decrease in several angiogenic factors .	
The phosphorylated forms of MAPK p42/44 and AKT were lower in the MMTV-Her-2/neu x aromatase double transgenic mice compared to the MMTV-Her-2/neu parental strain ; conversely , phospho-p38 levels were higher in the double transgenic strain .	
We have previously examined the effects of estrogen in the MMTV-Her-2/neu background by generating the MMTV-Her-2/neu x aromatase double transgenic mouse strain .	
MMTV-Her-2/neu x aromatase mice developed fewer mammary tumors than the Her-2/neu parental strain .	
Breast cancers amplified for the tyrosine kinase receptor Her-2/neu constitute of advanced breast cancer cases , and are characterized by hormone independence and aggressive growth , implicating this pathway in breast oncogenesis .	
The induction of Her-2/neu leads to tumor development in 60% of transgenic mice .	
Caution should be taken in considering of the potential influence by the stress response mechanism , namely , the Ku80-dependent elimination mechanism of EGFP-induced cytotoxicity , being activated , even when using EGFP-expressing cells in which Ku80 functions normally .	
MTT method and flow cytometry were used to investigate the effect of cisplatin , OCT or the combination of these two compounds on the proliferation and apoptosis of SKOV3-DDP cells .	
The purpose of the present study was to examine dynamic changes in apoptotic cell death in the anterior pituitary gland during the estrous cycle and to investigate neuroendocrine regulation of these changes in cycling female rats .	
Estrogen affects apoptotic cell death in estrogen-responsive tissues .	
A similar pattern was observed with Bax immunostaining ; however , no difference was observed in Bcl-2 immunostaining .	
Terminal deoxynucleotidyl transferase-mediated dUTP nick end-labeling ( TUNEL ) for in situ detection of DNA strand breaks revealed that the number of TUNEL-positive anterior pituitary cells was changing during the estrous cycle , with a maximum in the morning of proestrus and a minimum in the morning of estrus .	612	61	6	8	81
Pentobarbital administered in the afternoon of proestrus attenuated the decrease in TUNEL-positive or Bax-immunoreactive cells in the morning of estrus , although estradiol treatment failed to affect it .	
Most of Bax-immunoreactive cells were identified as a subpopulation of gonadotropes .	
These results suggest that anterior pituitary cells , mostly gonadotropes , undergo a cyclic change in apoptotic cell death during the estrous cycle and that the inhibition of apoptosis on estrus is due , at least in part , to the proestrous surge of GnRH secretion .	8	81
This action of pentobarbital was reduced by simultaneous treatment with an ovulation-inducing dose of gonadotropin-releasing hormone ( GnRH ) , but not with progesterone , an ovarian steroid also released after GnRH treatment .	
RESULTS At diagnosis , three patients had distant lung metastasis and 33 had gross neck lymph node ( LN ) metastasis .	
All patients were treated with surgery ( hemi/partial thyroidectomy in 45 patients , subtotal thyroidectomy in 85 , total thyroidectomy in 12 , no LN dissection in 50 , central compartment dissection in 20 , and modified radical neck dissection in 72 ) , and postoperative external beam radiation therapy was administered to 59 .	
Disease-free survival ( DFS ) and cause-specific survival ( CSS ) were assessed with the Kaplan-Meier method and compared with the log-rank test .	
Parametric analyses were performed using Student's t test and nonparametric analyses were performed using the Mann-Whitney U test .	
We present here a retrospective review of the clinical features , treatment , and long-term outcome of children and adolescents with papillary thyroid cancer ( PTC ) without a history of radiation exposure who were treated at our institution over a period of METHODS We retrospectively investigated 142 PTC patients without an irradiation history who were younger than 20years of age when treated from 1961 to 2005 ( 17 males and 125 females ; mean age=16.3±2.7years ; follow-up=21.8±12.0years ) .	
The clinicopathological results were evaluated using the medical records .	
BACKGROUND Cancer of the thyroid gland is rare in children and adolescents .	
A history of neck irradiation is a well-established risk factor for tumor development , and most previous reports focused on cases that were induced by radiation exposure .	
These results suggest that Ku80 plays a key role in the novel NHEJ-independent defense mechanism against EGFP-induced cytotoxicity .	62	6
One tumor pair ( 1/14 ; 7% ) was significant for both .	
This study aimed to observe the effects of octreotide ( OCT ) on cisplatin resistance reversal of cancer cells in vitro and in nude mice in vivo .	
BACKGROUND To investigate the dynamics of inter- and intratumoral molecular alterations during tumor progression in recurrent gliomas .	
The mechanism for this event , termed target reordering , remains unknown .	
METHODOLOGY/PRINCIPAL FINDINGS To address intertumoral heterogeneity we investigated non-microdissected tumor tissue of 106 gliomas representing 51 recurrent tumors .	
Stably EGFP-corrected cells were generated at a frequency of with an optimized oligonucleotide design combining modified bases and reduced number of phosphorothioate bonds .	
To address intratumoral heterogeneity a set of 16 gliomas representing 7 tumor pairs with at least one recurrence , and 4 single mixed gliomas were investigated by microdissection of distinct oligodendroglial and astrocytic tumor components .	
We investigate the effects of oligonucleotide toxicity and find a strong correlation between the number of phosphorothioate bonds and toxicity .	
RESULTS Ganetespib blocked the ability of HSP90 to bind to biotinylated geldanamycin and disrupted the association of HSP90 with its cochaperone , p23 , more potently than 17-AAG .	
All tumors and tumor components were analyzed for allelic loss of 1p/19q ( LOH 1p/19q ) , for TP53- mutations and for R132 mutations in the IDH1 gene .	
Further optimization of this method should allow rapid and scalable genome engineering in human cells .	
The effect of other crowding agents like Ficoll 400 and glycerol on the quadruplex interconversion has been also explored .	
We provide evidence from comparative RNA-seq analysis suggesting cellular immunity induced by the oligonucleotides might contribute to the low viability of oligo-corrected cells .	
Several groups reported that , in a molecular crowded , cell-like environment , simulated by polyethylene glycol ( PEG ) , the human telomeric DNA adopts the parallel G-quadruplex conformation .	
These studies have suggested that 40% ( w/v ) PEG concentration induces complete structural conversion from the other known human telomeric G-quadruplex conformations to the parallel G-quadruplex , thus simplifying the high structural polymorphism existing in the absence of PEG .	
G-quadruplex structures are an attractive target for the development of anticancer drugs , as their formation in human telomere induces a DNA damage response followed by apoptosis in cancer cells .	
However , the development of new anticancer drugs by means of structural-based drug design is hampered by a lack of accurate information on the exact G-quadruplex conformation adopted by the human telomeric DNA under physiological conditions .	
Our data show that the hybrid-type and parallel conformations coexist at equilibrium in the presence of PEG at physiological temperature and the degree of the quadruplex interconversion depends on the PEG molecular weight .	
Further , we find that telomeric DNA folds in the parallel quadruplex in the seconds time scale , a much larger time scale than the one reported for the hybrid quadruplex folding ( The whole of our data allow us to predict the relative amount of each G-quadruplex conformation as a function of temperature and time .	
In this study , we demonstrate that the structural conversion to the parallel G-quadruplex is not a complete reaction at physiological temperature .	
We report a complete kinetic and thermodynamic characterization of the conformational transitions involving the ( TTAGGG)(4)TT and ( TTAGGG)(8)TT human telomeric DNA sequences in K(+) solution containing PEG .	
Using a HeLa-based EGFP-rescue reporter system we show that use of modified base analogs can increase targeting efficiency , in part by avoiding the mismatch repair machinery .	
However , the disappearance of those differences at later post-irradiation times questions the use of this assay to determine intrinsic radiosensitivity , especially in a clinical setting .	
Mouse models can be useful for increasing the understanding of lung tumorigenesis and assessing the potential of chemopreventive agents .	
We explored the role of inflammation in lung tumor development in mice with knockout of the tumor suppressor Gprc5a .	
Examination of normal lung tissue and tumors from 51 Gprc5a(+/+) ( adenoma incidence , 9.8% ; adenocarcinoma , 0% ) and 38 Gprc5a(-/-) mice ( adenoma , 63% ; adenocarcinoma , 21% ) revealed macrophage infiltration into lungs of 45% of the Gprc5a(-/-) mice and 8% of Gprc5a(+/+) mice and the direct association of macrophages with 42% of adenomas and 88% of adenocarcinomas in the knockout mice .	
Gprc5a(-/-) mouse lungs contained higher constitutive levels of proinflammatory cytokines and chemokines and were more sensitive than lungs of Gprc5a(+/+) mice to stimulation of NF-kappaB activation by lipopolysaccharide in vivo .	a	a2
Studies with epithelial cells cultured from tracheas of Gprc5a(-/-) and Gprc5a(+/+) mice revealed that Gprc5a loss is associated with increased cell proliferation , resistance to cell death in suspension , and increased basal , tumor necrosis factor alpha-induced , and lipopolysaccharide-induced NF-kappaB activation , which were reversed partially in Gprc5a(-/-) adenocarcinoma cells by reexpression of Gprc5a .	
Following RASSF8 depletion in two different lung cancer cell lines using alternative small interfering RNA ( siRNA ) sequences , we show that AJs are destabilized and E-cadherin is lost from the cell membrane .	
Silencing Gprc5a and the p65 subunit of NF-kappaB in Gprc5a(+/+) and Gprc5a(-/-) cells , respectively , reversed these effects .	
Thus , Gprc5a loss enhances NF-kappaB activation in lung epithelial cells , leading to increased autocrine and paracrine interactions , cell autonomy , and enhanced inflammation , which may synergize in the creation of a tumor-promoting microenvironment .	a	a2
This was established by measuring formation and disappearance of γH2AX foci after irradiating synchronized cell populations with ( 60)Co γ-rays .	
These results suggest differential behaviour and interaction of mammary tumour epithelium with the substrates used .	
In the present study we used human mammary epithelial MCF10A cells , characterized by a radiosensitive phenotype due to reduced levels of the Ku70 and Ku80 repair proteins , and investigated whether this repair-deficient cell line displays differences in the phosphorylation pattern of H2AX protein compared to repair-proficient MCF10A cells .	61	62	6
The cell attachment on conventional surface was low , 40-50% .	
When seeded at high cell density , formation of alveolar cavities was suppressed and at low cell density , cultures were marked by contact inhibition of cells and failure to attain confluence .	5	52
However , the lack of consistency in literature points to the need to further validate the role of H2AX phosphorylation in DSB repair and the use of this technique to determine intrinsic radiosensitivity .	
Here , we show that RASSF8 is ubiquitously expressed throughout the murine embryo and in normal human adult tissues .	
These additional RASSF members are divergent and structurally distinct from RASSF1-6 , containing an N-terminal RA domain and lacking the Sav/RASSF/Hpo ( SARAH ) domain .	
Cell proliferation , DNA synthesis , and IGF-IR mRNA levels were evaluated by a cell viability assay , [ 3H]thymidine incorporation assays , and real-time polymerase chain reaction , respectively .	
Western blot analyses , immunoprecipitation , and in vitro kinase assays were conducted to evaluate the secretion of IGF-II , the protein expression and activation of IGF-IR , and the association of the p85 subunit of phophatidylinositol-3 kinase ( PI3K ) with IGF-IR , the phosphorylation of Akt and extracellular signal-regulated kinase ( ERK)1/2 , and cell division cycle 25c ( CDC25c ) , and PI3K activity .	
RESULTS Luteolin ( 0 - 60 μmol/L ) dose-dependently reduced the IGF-II secretion of HT-29 cells .	
IGF-I stimulated HT-29 cell growth but did not abrogate luteolin-induced growth inhibition .	
BACKGROUND Luteolin is a 3',4',5,7-tetrahydroxyflavone found in various fruits and vegetables .	
We have shown previously that luteolin reduces HT-29 cell growth by inducing apoptosis and cell cycle arrest .	
The objective of this study was to examine whether luteolin downregulates the insulin-like growth factor-I receptor ( IGF-IR ) signaling pathway in HT-29 cells .	
METHODS In order to assess the effects of luteolin and/or IGF-I on the IGF-IR signaling pathway , cells were cultured with or without 60 μmol/L luteolin and/or 10 nmol/L IGF-I .	
These results indicate that lesion-induced DNA bending/thermodynamic destabilization is an important DNA damage recognition factor , more so than the local S/B-conformational heterogeneity that was observed previously for FAF and FAAF in certain sequence contexts .	61	6
Luteolin reduced the levels of the IGF-IR precursor protein and IGF-IR transcripts .	9	93
Luteolin reduced the IGF-I-induced tyrosine phosphorylation of IGF-IR and the association of p85 with IGF-IR .	9	93
Based on our previous data indicating that administration of a polyphenol-rich ( PrB ) blueberry extract ( from wild Vaccinium angustifolium ) is memory enhancing in healthy mice and in order to delineate the neuroprotective mechanisms , this study investigated the antioxidant effects of PrB in H\u2082O\u2082-induced oxidative damage , A\u03b2 peptide fibrillogenesis and APP metabolism .	
Amyloid precursor protein ( APP ) altered metabolism , A\u03b2-overproduction/aggregation and oxidative stress are implicated in the development of Alzheimer's disease pathology .	
Conversely , myeloid overexpression of HuR induced posttranscriptional silencing , reduced inflammatory profiles , and protected mice from colitis and cancer .	a	a2
METHODS Msx2 gene expression was first examined in a well-validated breast cancer transcriptomic dataset of 295 patients .	
The myeloid cell-specific HuR-deficient mice had an exacerbated inflammatory cytokine profile and showed enhanced CCR2-mediated macrophage chemotaxis .	a	a2
Mice lacking HuR in myeloid-lineage cells , which include many of the cells of the innate immune system , displayed enhanced sensitivity to endotoxemia , rapid progression of chemical-induced colitis , and severe susceptibility to colitis-associated cancer .	a1	a
Here we show that HuR maintains inflammatory homeostasis by controlling macrophage plasticity and migration .	a	a2
Protective effects were observed on Chinese hamster ovary ( CHO ) cells overexpressing APP770 carrying the mutation Val717Phe only at high concentrations , while further damage on HEK293 cells was induced after co-treatment with 250 µM H\u2082O\u2082 and PrB in comparison with H\u2082O\u2082 alone .	
The effective activation and resolution of innate immune responses relies on the production and posttranscriptional regulation of mRNAs encoding inflammatory effector proteins .	
The aims of this study were to investigate the potential clinical value of Msx2 as a breast cancer biomarker and to clarify its functional role in vitro .	
BACKGROUND IL-6 is a pro-inflammatory cytokine that signals via binding to a soluble or membrane bound receptor , while nitric oxide ( NO ) , an oxidative stress molecule , diffuses through the cell membrane without a receptor .	
Both mediators signal through different mechanisms , yet they are dependent on NFκB .	
We proposed that both mediators are co-induced and co-regulated in inflamed mammary epithelial cells .	
PrB suppressed H\u2082O\u2082-initiated oxidation ( DCF assay ) and cell death ( MTT assay ) in SH-SY5Y cells .	
The expression of IL-6 and induced NO synthase ( iNOS ) was assayed by real time PCR and/or western immunoblots , and the activation of NFκB was assayed by immunobinding assay .	
To investigate the role of mammary cell microenvironment ( cell-substratum or interaction of mammary epithelial cell types ; critical to mammary development , function , and disease ) in modulation of the inflammatory response , SCp2 cells were cultured with or without extracellular matrix ( EHS ) or in coculture with their myoepithelial counterpart ( SCg6 ) , and assayed for ET-induced IL-6 and NO .	
RESULTS Endotoxin induced NFκB activation at 1 h after ET application .	
IL-6 secretion and NO production were induced , but with unexpected delay in expression of mRNA for iNOS compared to IL-6 .	
NFκB/p65 activation was transient but NFκB/p50 activation persisted longer .	
The results suggest that blueberry polyphenols exhibit antioxidant and/or pro-oxidant properties according to the cellular environment and have no effect on APP metabolism .	
Using the thioflavine T assay , blueberry polyphenols inhibited A\u03b2-aggregation ( 15 µg/mL ) in a time-dependent manner , while in the CHO(APP770) cells it had no effect on APP metabolism as assessed by western blot .	
Some of these targets , including the chemokine receptor CXCR5 , the G protein-coupled receptor 35 ( GPR35 ) , and the Ras regulator RASAL1 , have not been previously shown to be affected by PAHs , in contrast to others , such as interleukin-1beta and the aryl hydrocarbon receptor ( AhR ) repressor .	
Exposure of macrophages to BaP for 8 and 24 h resulted in 96 and 1100 genes , differentially expressed by at least a twofold change factor , respectively .	
The Human Tumor Metastasis PCR Array was used to screen the metastasis-associated genes identified by the down-regulation of coronin 3 , and the results suggested that , following the knockdown of coronin 3 , the tumor cell migration and invasion were inhibited by the reduced expression of MMP-9 and cathepsin K. CONCLUSION Coronin 3 is highly expressed in gastric cancer metastases and can promote the metastatic behaviors of gastric cancer cells , including their migration and invasion .	
In the course of a medicinal chemistry program aimed at discovering novel tumour-active rebeccamycin derivatives targeting DNA and/or topoisomerase I , a series of analogues with the sugar residue linked to the two indole nitrogens was recently developed .	
Two promising drug candidates in this staurosporine-rebeccamycin hybrid series were selected for a DNA-binding study reported here .	
The DNA interaction of the cationic indolocarbazole glycosides MP059 bearing a N,N-diethylaminoethyl side chain and MP072 containing a sugar bearing an amino group was compared with that of the uncharged analogue MP024 .	
The results show that the addition of a cationic substituent , either directly on the indolocarbazole chromophore or on the carbohydrate residue , significantly reinforces the interaction of the drugs with nucleic acids .	
The two cationic molecules MP059 and MP072 recognise preferentially sequences containing GpT.ApC and TpG.CpA steps but they do not inhibit topoisomerase I , in contrast to the parent uncharged derivative MP024 which stimulates DNA single strand breaks by topoisomerase I. The cytotoxic activity of the indolocarbazole derivatives bearing positively charged groups is one order of magnitude higher than that of the neutral compound MP024 .	612	61	6
The high cytotoxic potential can be attributed to the enhanced DNA binding and sequence recognition capacity of the cationic compounds .	
The study provides useful information for further structure-activity relationship studies in the indolocarbazole series .	
Taken together , KRAS G12A is important for IL-2-independent growth of PLT-2 cells and suggests the possibility of involvement of KRAS mutation with disease progression .	63	6
However , the involvement of the inflammatory response in the promotion/control of malignant cells is still controversial , and the cell subsets and the mechanisms involved are poorly investigated .	
BACKGROUND The immune system plays an important role in the multifactorial biologic system during the development of neoplasias .	
METHODS Fifty-one animals with mammary carcinomas , classified as carcinomas in mixed tumors-MC-BMT = 31 and carcinomas-MC = 20 were submitted to systematic clinical-pathological analysis ( tumor size ; presence of lymph node and pulmonary metastasis ; clinical stage ; histological grade ; inflammatory distribution and intensity as well as the lymphocytic infiltrate intensity ) and survival rates .	
The goal of this study was to characterize the clinical-pathological status and the immunophenotyping profile of tumor infiltrating lymphocytes and their association with the animal survival rates in canine mammary carcinomas .	
RESULTS Data analysis demonstrated that clinical stage II-IV and histological grade was I more frequent in MC-BMT as compared to MC .	
Twenty-four animals ( MC-BMT = 16 and MC = 8 ) were elected to the immunophenotypic study performed by flow cytometry .	
Multivariate analysis demonstrated that only lymphocytic infiltrate intensity > or = 600 ( P = 0.02 ) remained as independent prognostic factor .	
Univariate analysis demonstrated that the intensity of inflammation ( moderate/intense ) and the proportion of CD4+ ( > or = 66.7% ) or CD8+ T-cells ( <33.3% ) were not associated with worse survival rate .	a1	a
Several steps in the induction and execution of apoptosis require high amounts of adenosine-5'-triphosphate ( ATP ) .	
Photodynamic therapy ( PDT ) may trigger apoptosis or necrosis in cancer cells .	
In conclusion , U937 cell apoptosis induced by MTX did not change p73 mRNA level .	8	81
Sub-G(1) peak and S + G(2)/M arrest were also determined by FCM , but the quantity of p73 expression was generally constant .	
Condensed nuclei , fragmentation of chromosome and DNA ladder were seen after 6 hour following treatment of MTX 5 micro mol/L .	8	81
Results showed that MTX could induce U937 cell apoptosis effectively .	8	81
Using semi-quantitive reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction ( RT-PCR ) , the expression of p73 mRNA was examined .	
DNA ladder and cell cycle were examined by agarose gel electrophoresis and flow cytometry respectively .	
Morphological changes of apoptotic cells were observed with microscopy and Wright's + Giemsa staining .	8	81
The purpose of this investigation was to study the variation of p73 gene expression in the apoptotic process of acute myeloid leukemia ( AML ) cell line U937 induced by methotrexate ( MTX ) .	
Inflammatory events have been associated with senile plaques , one of the pathological hallmarks of Alzheimer's disease ( AD ) .	
It is believed that aggregated beta-amyloid ( betaA ) proteins , which form the core of these plaques , may be responsible for triggering the inflammatory reaction .	
In the present study , the ability of aluminum ( Al ) to initiate similar inflammatory events was investigated in a human glioblastoma cell line .	
A 6-day exposure to either lipopolysaccharide ( LPS ) or aluminum sulfate caused a significant increase in the rate of proliferation of the glioblastoma cells .	
Both treatments also caused activation of the immune-responsive transcription factor NF-kappaB although there were time-related differences .	a1	a
The levels of secreted cytokines , interleukin-6 ( IL-6 ) and tumor necrosis factor alpha ( TNF-alpha ) were both increased by the LPS treatment although exposure to Al decreased the secretion of the former while elevating the levels of the latter .	
These events may be due to the activation of glial cells and subsequent stress response to either Al complexes or LPS .	
Although exposure to either stress factor caused a stimulation of inflammatory markers , there were time-dependent differences in the response .	a	a2
This may reflect the ability of the cells to discern different stress factors and thus orchestrate an innate immune response profile distinct to each immunogen .	a1	a
CONCLUSIONS Our results suggest that the presence of 5A polymorphism at the MMP-3 promoter region may favor the growth and the metastasis process in colorectal cancer patients and could be looked at as a risk factor for a worse prognosis .	1	12
We therefore monitored delta psi and the intracellular ATP level of apoptotic human epidermoid carcinoma cells ( A431 ) after photodynamic treatment with aluminum ( III ) phthalocyanine tetrasulfonate .	
These results demonstrate the potential of APs as agents for clinical prevention and treatment of CRC .	
We hypothesized that extracted apple polysaccharides ( APs ) might , therefore , have anticancer effects , through a mechanism involving the induction of apoptosis in cancer cells , partly via the NF-κB pathway .	
Certain components of apples have been shown to prevent cancer growth and impede cancer progression .	
Cell apoptosis was measured by the 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide assay by flow cytometry and incorporation of 5'-bromodeoxyuridine ( BrdU ) into DNA to identify the proliferating cell fraction , using fluorescence microscopy in vitro .	
Two human colorectal cancer ( CRC ) cell lines , HT-29 and SW620 , were exposed to different concentrations of APs ( 0.01 , 0.1 or 1 mg/ml ) .	
The target sites of APs on CRC cells were assessed by flow cytometry .	
The protein levels of NF-κB/p65 , I-κBα , pI-κBα , Bax , Bcl-xl and Bcl-2 were evaluated by western blotting .	
APs induced apoptosis by slightly activating the NF-κB pathway ; the AP target site could be the Toll-like receptor 4 on the cell membrane .	
At concentrations of 0.1 and 1 mg/ml , APs showed apoptosis-inducing effects , increased expressions of Bax , nuclear p65 and cytoplasmic pI-κBα , and decreased expressions of Bcl-2 , Bcl-xl and cytoplasmic I-κBα .	8	81
In addition , the analysis of the nuclear Overhauser effect enabled the determination of configurations of the eight isomers .	
The NMR analysis showed that each peak was a mixture of two diastereomers .	
Chemotherapeutic resistance hinders successful treatment .	
Pancreatic adenocarcinoma is an aggressive cancer with a greater than 95% mortality rate and short survival after diagnosis .	
In the present study , we characterized configurational isomers of a HNE-N(alpha)-acetylhistidine adduct by NMR spectroscopy and by molecular orbital calculations .	
4-Hydroxy-2-nonenal ( HNE ) , a major racemic product of lipid peroxidation , reacts with histidine to form a stable HNE-histidine Michael addition-type adduct possessing three chiral centers in the cyclic hemiacetal structure .	
To facilitate structural characterization of the configurational isomers of an HNE-histidine adduct , we prepared the ( R)-HNE-histidine and ( S)-HNE-histidine adducts by incubating N(alpha)-acetylhistidine with each HNE enantiomer , both of which provided two peaks ( Ra and Rb from ( R)-HNE-histidine and Sa and Sb from ( S)-HNE-histidine adducts ) in reversed-phase high-performance liquid chromatography .	
Our study determined if TRAIL resistance in pancreatic adenocarcinomas with K-Ras 12 mutations could be overcome by first sensitizing the cells with Benzyl isothiocyanate ( BITC ) .	
The presence of ( R)-HNE and ( S)-HNE epitopes in vivo was immunohistochemically examined in the kidney of rats exposed to the renal carcinogen , ferric nitrilotriacetate , by which nuclear and cytosolic stainings with mAbR310 and mAbS412 , respectively , were detected .	
Among the mixtures ( Ra , Rb , Sa , and Sb ) of diastereomers , mAbR310 showed the highest immunoreactivity to Rb ( the mixture of 2R,4S,5R and 2S,4S,5R isomers ) , whereas mAbS412 preferentially recognized Sa ( the mixture of 2R,4S,5S and 2S,4S,5S isomers ) .	
The result of the univariate analysis suggested that clinical stage , cell differentiation , depth of cervical stromal invasion , parametrial tissue involvement , and lymph node metastasis were prognostic factors for patients with stage Ib to IIb cervical cancer ( P<0.05 ) .	1
Photofrin was administered ( 5 mg kg-1 i.v. ) 2 days before laser illumination .	
The cumulative 5-year survival of the 255 patients was 75.7% .	
Tumours with a mean ( +/- s.e. ) diameter of 5.7 +/- 0.1 mm ( n = 106 , 20 days after implantation ) were illuminated with 625 nm light , at 200 mW cm-1 from a 0.5 cm cylindrical diffuser and either 100 , 200 , 400 , 800 or 1600 J cm-1 .	
METHODS AND RESULTS 13 clinical pathological factors in 255 patients with stage Ib to IIb cervical cancer undergoing radical hysterectomy and systematic lymphadenectomy were analyzed to screen for factors related to prognosis .	
Markers of cancer cell phenotype and the expression of critical genes relevant to breast cancer or stem cells ( SCs ) were examined .	
Control groups received either laser illumination only , Photofrin only or diffuser insertion only .	
Therefore , MSCs modified with miR-126 may represent a novel and efficient therapeutic approach for ischemic angiogenesis and the improvement of cardiac function .	
OBJECTIVE The aim of this retrospective study is to analyze the clinical and pathological factors related to the prognosis of Chinese patients with stage Ib to IIb cervical cancer .	
However , blood vessels with lumen were barely detected , which indicated that Dll-4 plays a key role in tubulogenesis .	7	71
We conclude that the transplantation of MSCs overexpressing miR-126 can further enhance functional angiogenesis in the ischemic myocardium possibly by the secretion of angiogenic factors and the activation of Dll-4 , thus increasing MSC survival .	71	7	711
Furthermore , fluorescent microsphere and histological studies revealed that myocardial blood flow and microvessel density were significantly increased in the MSC(miR-126)-transplanted animals .	7	71
In addition , we found increased immature vessel proliferation following the transplantation of MSC(miR-126) cultures in which the expression of Dll-4 had been knocked down .	
CONCLUSION Non-squamous histological type , poor cell differentiation , parametrial tissue involvement , and outer 1/3 stromal invasion are the independent poor prognostic factors for patients with stage Ib to IIb cervical cancer .	11	1
Using multivariate Cox proportional hazards model regression analysis , non-squamous histological type , poor differentiation , parametrial tissue involvement , and outer 1/3 stromal invasion were found to be independently related to patients poor prognosis ( P<0.05 ) .	11	1
To determine the biochemistry of liver damage and function , serum ASAT and ALAT levels were measured on day 1 and 2 , and antipyrine clearance on day 1 .	
Cases with involvement of four or more lymph nodes had a poorer prognosis than those with involvement of three or fewer lymph nodes ( P<0.05 ) .	
Several days before admission , chest radiography revealed pulmonary infiltrates in the left lower lobe .	
Compared with cases with involvement of iliac nodes , obturator nodes , or inguinal lymph nodes , cases with metastasis to the common iliac lymph nodes had a poorer prognosis ( P<0.05 ) .	1	12
A maximum of caspase-3-like activity and nuclear fragmentation was found at fluences of about 4 J cm(-2) .	
RESULTS Sorafenib potently suppressed the activities of cRAF , VEGFR2 , and RET with IC(50) values of 20.9 , 4 and 0.4 nmol/L , respectively .	
Sorafenib inhibited cRAF , VEGFR2 , and RET via non-ATP-competitive , ATP-competitive and mixed-type modes , respectively .	
Gene expression was analyzed using the Invitrogen SYBR Green expression assays with a sequence detection system .	
Protein expression analysis was performed using Western blotting .	
The enzyme activity was examined under cell-free conditions using 384-well microplate assays .	
Cell proliferation was evaluated using the Invitrogen Alarmar Blue assay .	
Experimental results indicate that TNFAIP3 may act as a tumor suppressor in CRC .	
METHODS The cell lines A549 , HeLa , and HepG2 were tested .	
TNFAIP3 mRNA levels were significantly decreased in tumors compared with adjacent non-neoplastic mucosa ( P < 0.0001 ) and loss of heterozygosity of 6q23.3 ( TNFAIP3 ) was detected in 17% of cases , whereas only 2.5% of the investigated specimens displayed TNFAIP3 gene mutations .	63	6
We propose that TNFAIP3 ( rs6920220 ) , NLRP3 ( Q705K ) and NF\u03baB -94 ATTG ins/del polymorphisms are associated with poor survival in patients with advanced CRC and may be used as prognostic markers .	
Gene expression and loss of heterozygosity analyses of TNFAIP3 were carried out in a subset of tumors to assess its role as a tumor suppressor in CRC .	
Heterozygous and polymorphic TNFAIP3 ( rs6920220 ) , heterozygous NLRP3 ( Q705K ) and polymorphic NF\u03baB -94 ATTG ins/del genotypes were found to be associated with poorer survival in patients diagnosed with invasive CRC ( aHR = 5.2 , 95% CI : 2.5-10.9 , P < 0.001 ) .	
In this study , 348 CRC cases and 806 randomly selected healthy individuals from southeastern Sweden were examined with regard to seven polymorphisms in NF\u03baB pathway-associated genes .	
Log-rank-tests and Cox proportional hazard regression analysis examined the association between the polymorphisms and CRC-specific survival , whereas chi-square tests and logistic regression analysis were used to test for associations between the polymorphisms and CRC susceptibility .	
Colorectal tumors are continuously exposed to an inflammatory environment , which together with mitogenic signals sustain several cancer hallmarks .	
Nuclear factor-kappa B ( NF\u03baB ) is a major regulator of inflammation and variation in NF\u03baB-associated genes could potentially be used as biomarkers to identify patients with increased risk of colorectal cancer ( CRC ) development , and/or a rapidly progressing disease .	
Between 1965 and 1985 , 489 patients with advanced gastric cancer who were treated with gastric resection and in whom tumor cells remained after the operation were defined as cases of a " noncurative resection. "	
The clinicopathological features and prognosis of these patients were examined and two groups were prepared : locally advanced cancer and cancer with a distant metastasis .	
The calculated free energy of activation for the reaction with glutathione is significantly lower than that for the corresponding reaction with dA .	
This indicates that BPAQ will preferably react with glutathione and will only react with DNA when the level of glutathione in the cell is low .	
In locally advanced cancer cases , tumor cells remained in the neighboring organs , lymph nodes , and/or resected margins ; in those with distant metastasis , peritoneal dissemination and/or liver metastasis were present regardless of whether or not the metastasis was removed , with or without locally noncurative factors .	1	12
Cyclosporin A ( CsA ) could also restored the Adriamycin sensitivity in the K562/ADM cells , as previously reported. 1.0 microgram/ml FK506 as well as CsA significantly increased radioactive Adriamycin accumulation in K562/ADM cells and blocked [ 3H]azidopien photoaffinity labeling of P-glycoprotein .	
These results suggest that 1.0 microgram/ml FK506 could reverse the Adriamycin resistance in a MDR human leukemia cells through the interaction with P-glycoprotein .	
Cancer vaccines based on human tumor-associated antigens ( TAA ) have been tested in patients with advanced or recurrent cancer , in combination with or following standard therapy .	
Serosal invasion was prominent and high rates of lymph node metastasis and lymphatic involvement were evident in both groups .	1
We have examined the effect of FK506 on the Adriamycin sensitivity of the multidrug resistant human chronic myelocytic leukemia cell line ( K562/ADM ) .	
In K562/ADM cells , 1.0 microgram/ml FK506 reversed the resistance of Adriamycin , and increased the IC50 value for Adriamycin up to 17 fold .	
However , IC50 value for the parent cells ( K562 ) increased only 1.5 fold .	
By cell cycle analysis , the accumulation in late S-G2M phase was confirmed on K562/ADM cells , treated with 1.0 microgram/ml FK506 and low-dose of Adriamycin .	91	9
The survival rate for patients with locally advanced gastric cancer was better than that of patients with distant metastasis ( P < 0.01 ) .	1	12
Cancer Prev Res ; 6(1) ; 18-26. �2012 AACR .	
A positive response was observed with UV radiation , benzo(a)-pyrene , aflatoxin B1 , ethylmethanesulfonate , 1,6-dinitropyrene , 2-acetylaminofluorene , and tobacco smoke condensate but not 7,12-dimethylbenz(a)anthracene or 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin .	
Moreover , overexpression of PTEN could induce ASMCs arrested in the G0/G1 phase through the downregulation of Cyclin D1 and upregulation of p21 expressions .	9	51	91	5	511
These data argue that certain immune defects may be involved in the development of myeloma and are not simply a consequence of overt malignancy .	
Aggressive postoperative chemotherapy for patients with distant metastasis from a gastric cancer is to be recommended .	1	12
Immunosuppression of immunoglobulin synthesis seen in patients with multiple myeloma is in part due to immunosuppressive CD5 positive B cells .	
In a 13 year longitudinal study of an IgA-deficient blood donor who developed multiple myeloma , the presence of immunosuppressive CD5 positive B cells and T cells preceded the diagnosis of overt multiple myeloma and the appearance of immunosuppressive monocytes .	2	22
Dexamethasone increased glucocorticoid receptor-mediated reporter activity and cell proliferation , and inhibited apoptosis in the presence or absence of cisplatin .	8	93	81	9
Thus , the miR-183 cluster regulates multiple biological programs that converge to support the maintenance and metastatic potential of medulloblastoma .	
In conclusion , this study confirms that foetal tissue has increased levels of OGG1 mRNA and correspondingly an enhanced incision activity on an 8-oxodG substrate in a crude tissue extract .	a21	611	61	62	a2	a	6
The observed binding affinities of CCK-8 were then introduced into the computer analysis of the dose-inhibition curve of the ability of gastrin-17-I to inhibit binding of 125I-Bolton-Hunter-CCK-8 , which was significantly better fit by a three-site model than by a two-site model .	
The three sites meet the criteria for CCK-B , high affinity CCK-A , and low affinity CCK-A receptors .	
Analysis of the ability of gastrin-17-I to inhibit 125I-gastrin-I binding demonstrated that gastrin bound to a single class of receptors with a Kd of 0.21 +/- 0.04 nM and a binding capacity of 184 +/- 29 fmol/mg protein. 125I-Gastrin-I binding was inhibited by the specific CCK-B receptor antagonist L365,260 approximately 40 times more effectively than by the specific CCK-A receptor antagonist L364,718 .	
Analysis of the ability of cholecystokinin octapeptide ( CCK-8 ) to inhibit 125I-Bolton-Hunter-CCK-8 binding revealed two CCK binding sites , i.e. , a high affinity site and a low affinity site .	
The results showed that there is extensive gastrin binding to the DSL-6 pancreatic carcinoma .	
No evidence of specific gastrin binding to normal pancreas was found .	
This effect is mediated by gastrin [ cholecystokinin ( CCK)-B ] receptors .	
In the present study , we investigated gastrin ( CCK-B ) receptor expression in the azaserine-induced rat pancreatic carcinoma DSL-6 , comparing it to normal rat pancreas , and we also characterized CCK receptor subtypes in this tumor .	
Many reports have emphasized the role of gastrin as a growth factor for normal gastrointestinal mucosa and gastrointestinal cancers .	
Recent studies have pointed out that this peptide acts also as a growth factor for the pancreatic cancer cell line AR42J .	
Consistent with methylome alterations , global gene expression analysis reveals that the vast majority of genes dysregulated during cell immortalization belongs to gene families that converge into the MEK-ERK pathway .	4	41
RESULTS Multivariate analyses revealed that DKK1 was an unfavorable predictor for overall survival and time to recurrence .	
Approximately half of the hypermethylated targets are developmental regulators , and bind to the repressive Polycomb group ( PcG ) proteins , often in the context of bivalent chromatin in mouse embryonic stem cells .	
Several of these hypermethylated CpG islands are associated with genes involved in the MEK-ERK pathway , one of the most frequently disrupted pathways in cancer .	
Using a high-resolution genome-wide mapping technique , followed by extensive locus-specific validation assays , we have identified 24 CpG islands that display significantly higher levels of CpG methylation in immortalized cell lines as compared to primary murine fibroblasts .	4	41
In the present study , we have globally profiled DNA methylation in relation to gene expression in primary , senescent and immortalized mouse embryonic fibroblasts .	
Thus , exploring the genetic and epigenetic changes that occur during senescence/immortalization may help elucidate crucial events that lead to cell transformation .	
The role of DKK1 in proliferation , migration , invasion , and gene expression regulation was assessed by DKK1 depletion using small interfering RNA .	
Histological analysis showed necrosis and swelling of the endothelia of capillaries and arterioles at 1 day and 3 days after irradiation .	83	8
It was suggested that HR-MRI and ( 1)H-MRS are useful methods for monitoring the early therapeutic response to radiotherapy .	
Med19 was related to tumor growth of BCa .	
Bladder cancer ( BCa ) remained a major health problem .	
Expressions were scored and studied statistically .	
Cancer development is often associated with replication stress .	
Unlocking alternative epigenetic routes for cell immortalization will be paramount for understanding crucial events leading to cell transformation .	4	41
Additionally , several dysregulated members of the MAP kinase network show concomitant hypermethylation of CpG islands .	
RESULTS None of the patients who received intra-arterial chemotherapy had liver metastasis , and this group of patients had improved survival .	1	12
The remaining five patients received no chemotherapy .	
Fourteen patients underwent portal vein resection due to direct invasion , and nine of these patients received intra-arterial adjuvant chemotherapy on the basis of the results of MTT assay to prevent liver metastasis .	
METHODOLOGY The resected specimens from 40 of 47 patients with resection of pancreatic cancer were assessed for chemosensitivity to various anticancer drugs .	
Therefore , the current study was designed to clarify whether locoregional chemotherapy based on the results of chemosensitivity tests has the clinical effects of preventing liver metastasis and improving survival for patients with portal vein resection .	
Chemosensitivity tests can provide the basis for individualized chemotherapy in each patient and predict the clinical response .	
The occurrence of liver metastasis is decreased by locoregional arterial infusion after pancreatic surgery .	
INTRODUCTION AND AIMS The survival of pancreatic cancer patients with portal vein resection is extremely poor due to the high incidence of liver metastasis .	
The prognostic significances were assessed by Kaplan-Meier survival estimates .	
CONCLUSION A pilot study of postoperative intra-arterial chemotherapy showed the reduction of liver metastasis and improvement of survival among pancreatic cancer patients with portal vein resection .	1	12
The mean survival of patients with intra-arterial chemotherapy was significantly longer than that of patients without chemotherapy ( 25.6 months with chemotherapy versus 9.4 months without chemotherapy ) .	
The aim of this study was to determine whether there was a correlation between the persistence of O6-methylguanine ( O6-mGua ) adducts and the rate of recovery of O6-methylguanine-DNA methyltransferase ( O6-mGuaT ) after depletion in the liver and susceptibility to NNK in F344 rat and Syrian golden hamster injected s.c. with NNK ( 80 mg/kg ) .	
In particular , for the first time , we surprisingly found a dramatic increase in the proportion of pericentromeric chromosomal aberrations relative to total aberrations in HPV16 E6E7-expressing cells 72 h after release from aphidicolin ( APH)-induced replication stress , with pericentromeric chromosomal aberrations becoming the predominant type of structural aberrations ( of total aberrations ) .	
The number of large diameter ( \u22654 \u03bcm ) axons in the ETA nerve also decreased as mice became symptomatic , and endplate innervation correlated best with the number of large diameter axons .	
BACKGROUND Dickkopf-related protein 1 ( DKK1 ) has been reported involved in metastasis and invasion in several tumors .	
Responses in presymptomatic terminals suggested reduced acidification and increased vesicular release , whereas symptomatic terminals exhibited increased acidification and reduced vesicular release .	
In this study , we aimed to investigate the epigenetic inactivation of PCDH8 and its tumor suppressor function in gastric cancer .	
Most visible motor terminals ( >90% ) remained capable of responding to nerve stimulation in both pre- and symptomatic hSOD1-G85R mice , but with functional alterations .	
The expression of PCDH8 was markedly reduced or silenced in gastric cancer cell lines compared with normal gastric cells or tissues .	
This denervation is especially marked in fast limb muscles , and precedes death of motor neuron somata .	
The cadherins are a family of cell surface glycoproteins responsible for cell adhesion which play an important role in cell morphology , contact inhibition and signal transduction during tumorigenesis .	
Muscle endplates become denervated in mice that express mutations of human superoxide dismutase 1 ( hSOD1 ) , models of familial amyotrophic lateral sclerosis .	
Protocadherin 8 ( PCDH8 ) , a member of the cadherin family , has been reported to act as a tumor suppressor involved in oncogenesis in breast cancer .	
The percentage of endplates ( identified using fluorescently-labeled \u03b1-bungarotoxin ) innervated by motor terminals remained high in presymptomatic SOD1-G85R mice , but fell to in symptomatic mice .	
The demethylation reagent 5-aza-2'-deoxycytidine was able to restore or upregulate PCDH8 expression in gastric cancer cell lines .	
This study used mice that expressed yellow fluorescent protein ( YFP ) in neurons to investigate changes in the morphology and function of axons and motor terminals innervating a fast forelimb muscle ( epitrochleoanconeus , ETA ) in presymptomatic and symptomatic hSOD1-G85R mice , compared to those in mice that express wild-type ( wt ) hSOD1 .	
Ectopic expression of PCDH8 in silenced gastric cancer cells significantly inhibited cell migration and induced apoptosis .	11	1	81	8
An aldehyde generated by alpha-hydroxylation of NNK , 4-oxo-4-(3-pyridyl)butanal , inhibited O6-mGuaT activity in rat hepatocytes , suggesting that this aldehyde contributes to the carcinogenicity of NNK by inhibiting this repair enzyme .	61	62	611	6
Methylation of the PCDH8 gene promoter was observed in 100% ( 4/4 ) of cell lines and 55.38% ( 36/65 ) of the primary gastric cancer by methylation-specific PCR , but not in normal gastric mucosa ( 0/10 ) .	
These results suggested that factors other than O6-mGua may be determining NNK-induced hepatocarcinogenesis in rats .	61	611	6
Methylated PCDH8 was significantly associated with lymph node metastasis in a logistic regression analysis .	1	12
Pathway analysis placed many of these genes within general categories of inflammatory signaling and cell-cycle regulation , consistent with recently published human data obtained during folate depletion .	
Further studies are warranted to investigate the complex interplay of methyl donor status and cancer protection in high-risk populations .	
The fact that most remaining terminals were able to respond to nerve stimulation suggests that motor terminal-protective therapies might contribute to preserving neuromuscular function in fALS mice .	
These CABE cells presented with basal-like breast cancer characteristics , including ER-α , HER-2 , and progesterone receptor negativity , and overexpression of K5 and p63 .	9	93
Massively parallel resequencing of the kb Grey haplotype did not reveal any additional mutations perfectly associated with the phenotype , confirming the duplication as the true causative mutation .	
Surveying the coral genome revealed not only a larger number of NACHT- and related domain nucleotide-binding adaptor shared by APAF-1 , R proteins , and CED-4 ( NB-ARC)-encoding loci ( than in other metazoans but also surprising diversity of domain combinations among the coral NACHT/NB-ARC-containing proteins ; N-terminal effector domains included the apoptosis-related domains caspase recruitment domain ( CARD ) , death effector domain ( DED ) , and Death , and C-terminal repeat domains included LRRs , tetratricopeptide repeats , ankyrin repeats , and WD40 repeats .	
Many of the predicted coral proteins that contain a NACHT/NB-ARC domain also contain a glycosyl transferase group 1 domain , a novel domain combination first found in metazoans .	
Innate immunity in corals is of special interest not only in the context of self-defense but also in relation to the establishment and collapse of their obligate symbiosis with dinoflagellates of the genus Symbiodinium .	
In innate immunity system of vertebrates , approximately 20 tripartite nucleotide oligomerization domain ( NOD)-like receptor proteins that are defined by the presence of a NAIP , CIIA , HET-E and TP1 ( NACHT ) domain , a C-terminal leucine-rich repeat ( LRR ) domain , and one of three types of N-terminal effector domain , are known to function as the primary intracellular pattern recognition molecules .	
In addition , shuffling of N-terminal effector domains may have occurred after expansions of specific NACHT/NB-ARC-repeat domain types .	
These results illustrate the extraordinary complexity of the innate immune repertoire of corals , which may in part reflect adaptive evolution to a symbiotic lifestyle in a uniquely complex and challenging environment .	
Phylogenetic analyses suggest that the NACHT/NB-ARC domain inventories of various metazoan lineages , including corals , are largely products of lineage-specific expansions .	
BACKGROUND Greying with age in horses is an autosomal dominant trait , associated with loss of hair pigmentation , melanoma and vitiligo-like depigmentation .	
Using mice with an intestinal epithelial cell ( IEC)-specific p53 deletion , we demonstrate that loss ofp53 alone is insufficient to initiate intestinal tumorigenesis but markedly enhances carcinogen-induced tumor incidence and leads to invasive cancer and lymph node metastasis .	
Histological sections of the lymph node of the patient were similar to those of the xenograft tumor of the cell line .	
Loss of p53 is considered to allow progression of colorectal tumors from the adenoma to the carcinoma stage .	
Collectively the findings in the present study suggest that quercetin inhibits tumor growth and angiogenesis by targeting VEGF-R2 regulated AKT/mTOR/P70S6K signaling pathway , and could be used as a potential drug candidate for cancer therapy .	7	71
Recent studies have shown that downregulation of the microRNA miR-124 occurs in several types of human cancer , suggesting a tumor suppressive function of miR-124 .	
Ectopic expression of Meis1 in these Hoxa9 cells suppressed their G-CSF-induced differentiation , permitted proliferation in SCF , and therein offered a potential explanation of cooperative function .	
These progenitors lacked Meis1 expression , could not proliferate in stem cell factor ( SCF ) , but could differentiate into neutrophils when switched into granulocyte colony-simulating factor ( G-CSF ) .	
Here we report that Nup98-HoxA9 , indeed mimicks Hoxa9 plus Meis1 coexpression - it immortalizes myeloid progenitors , prevents differentiation in response to GM-CSF , IL-3 , G-CSF , and permits proliferation in SCF .	4	41
Epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition occurred during arsenic exposure .	11	1
Because Meis1 binds N-terminal Hoxa9 sequences that are replaced by Nup98 , we hypothesized that Nup98-HoxA9 might consolidate the biochemical functions of both Hoxa9 and Meis1 on target gene promoters and might evoke their same lymphokine-responsive profile in immortalized progenitors .	
A6 is an eight amino acid peptide derived from the non-receptor binding region of urokinase plasminogen activator ( uPA ) , which interferes with the uPA/uPA receptor system .	
A6 has been synthesized as a potential anti-angiogenic , anti-cancer agent .	
The current study has investigated the potential therapeutic activity of A6 in the Lewis lung carcinoma ( 3LL ) model of pulmonary metastasis .	
A6 was found to have direct anti-tumor activity against established 3LL pulmonary metastases at a low tumor burden ( 10-20 colonies per lung ) and was therapeutic in combination with cyclophosphamide at high tumor burdens ( > 100 colonies per lung ) .	1	12
Mechanistic studies have revealed that A6 directly inhibits the invasion of 3LL cells through a Matrigel model basement membrane by 40-45% .	11	1
Moreover , treatment with either A6 or doxorubicin resulted in thicker tubes in endothelial tube formation studies .	7	71
Our results suggest that A6 , by virtue of its anti-invasive and anti-angiogenic properties , might work additively or synergistically with chemotherapeutic agents and thereby contribute to enhanced therapy of established 3LL cancer metastases .	1	7
The association between acute myeloid leukaemia ( AML ) and the aberrant expression of Hoxa9 is evidenced by ( 1 ) proviral activation of Hoxa9 and Meis1 in BXH-2 murine AML , ( 2 ) formation of the chimeric Nup98-HoxA9 transactivator protein as a consequence of the t(7;11) translocation in human AML , and ( 3 ) the strong expression of HoxA9 and Meis1 in human AML .	
Cancer prevention using natural products has become an integral part of cancer control .	
Previously , we demonstrated that Hoxa9 could block the differentiation of murine marrow progenitors cultured in granulocyte-macrophage colony-simulating factor ( GM-CSF ) .	
In serum , levels of sVEGFR-1 were higher than those of PlGF ( p < 0.0001 ) , whereas in hematoma fluid this difference was not apparent .	71	7	711
Generalized MAP17 overexpression in human carcinomas indicates that MAP17 can be a good marker for tumorigenesis and , especially , for malignant progression .	
Immunohistochemical analysis of MAP17 during cancer progression demonstrates that overexpression of the protein strongly correlates with tumoral progression .	
MAP17 is overexpressed in a great variety of human carcinomas , including breast tumors .	
This study shows that UT-7 is a growth factor-dependent pluripotent cell line in which commitment may be directed by a hierarchical action of growth factors through an early and rapid transmodulation of growth factor receptors .	9	93	92
The increased malignant cell behavior induced by MAP17 is associated with an increase in reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) production , and the treatment of MAP17-expressing cells with antioxidants results in a reduction in the tumorigenic properties of these cells .	a21	a2	a
MAP17-expressing clones also grow better in nude mice .	
Breast tumor cells that overexpress MAP17 show an increased tumoral phenotype with enhanced proliferative capabilities both in the presence or the absence of contact inhibition , decreased apoptotic sensitivity , and increased migration .	
MAP17 is a small 17 kDa non-glycosylated membrane protein previously identified as being overexpressed in carcinomas .	
Here , we demonstrate that the wild-type p53-induced phosphatase 1 ( WIP1 ) also dephosphorylates gamma-H2AX at serine 139 in vitro and in vivo .	61	6
Overexpression of WIP1 reduces formation of gamma-H2AX foci in response to ionizing and ultraviolet radiation and blocks recruitment of MDC1 ( mediator of DNA damage checkpoint 1 ) and 53BP1 ( p53 binding protein 1 ) to DNA damage foci .	61	6
Finally , these inhibitory effects of WIP1 on gamma-H2AX are accompanied by WIP1 suppression of DNA double strand break repair .	62	6
Thus , WIP1 has a homeostatic role in reversing the effects of ataxia telangiectasia-mutated phosphorylation of H2AX .	
In response to DNA double strand breaks , the histone variant H2AX at the break site is phosphorylated at serine 139 by DNA damage sensor kinases such as ataxia telangiectasia-mutated , forming gamma-H2AX .	
This phosphorylation event is critical for sustained recruitment of other proteins to repair the break .	
After repair , restoration of the cell to a prestress state is associated with gamma-H2AX dephosphorylation and dissolution of gamma-H2AX-associated damage foci .	
The phosphatases PP2A and PP4 have previously been shown to dephosphorylate gamma-H2AX .	
Using Hoxa9(-/-) marrow , we demonstrate that expression of Hoxa9 is not required for myeloid immortalization by Nup98-HoxA9 .	4	41
Furthermore , deletion of the extreme carboxy-terminal domain totally abolished XPC activity in the cell-free NER reaction .	
CONCLUSIONS Acute high dose irradiation of minipig epidermis impaired stem cell replication and induced elevated apoptosis from 3 days onward .	
In the neutral comet assay , the rate of DNA exit was found to be dependent on the topological state of DNA , which was influenced by either ethidium bromide or a low radiation dose .	
Our results suggest the possibility of developing strategies of targeting tumor cells based on the cues in the interstitial fluid .	
We also find that the rate that IFF is fluxed into the lymphatics and host tissue is largely controlled by an elevated vascular hydraulic conductivity in the tumor .	
We discuss the implications of these results on microenvironmental transport barriers , and the tumor invasive and metastatic potential .	1
Inflammation and oxidative stress are two such etiologies investigated in our study .	a21	a2	a
However , studies elucidating the role and the mechanism(s) of action of hesperetin in cervical cancer are sparse .	
In this study , we investigated the mechanism of the antiproliferative and apoptotic actions exerted by hesperetin on human cervical cancer SiHa cells .	
The viability of SiHa cells was evaluated using the MTT assay , apoptosis by acridine orange/ethidium bromide , propidium iodide , TUNEL assay , and Annexin V-Cy3 , cell cycle distribution and mitochondrial transmembrane potential using flow cytometry , and apoptotic marker genes using quantitative real-time PCR .	
The treatment of SiHa cells with hesperetin ( IC(50,) 650μm ) showed a marked concentration- and time-dependent inhibition of proliferation and induced the G2/M phase in a dose-dependent manner after 24h .	91	9
There was an attenuation of mitochondrial membrane potential with increased expression of caspase-3 , caspase-8 , caspase-9 , p53 , Bax , and Fas death receptor and its adaptor protein Fas-associated death domain-containing protein ( FADD ) , indicating the participation of both death receptor- and mitochondria-related mechanisms .	8	81
Furthermore , hesperetin-induced apoptosis was confirmed by TUNEL and Annexin V-Cy3 .	8	81
This study shows that hesperetin exhibits a potential anticancer activity against human cervical cancer cell lines in vitro through the reduction in cell viability and the induction of apoptosis .	8	81
Altogether , these data sustain our contention that hesperetin has anticancer properties and merits further investigation as a potential therapeutic agent .	
Our results suggest that knockdown of FUT1 downregulates HER2 signaling via EGFR downregulation .	9	93
FUT1 may serve as a new molecular target for HER2-overexpressing human cancers with activated EGFR signaling .	
In the present study inhibition of furin was achieved by gene transfer of alpha(1)-antitrypsin Portland ( PDX ) cDNA .	
EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN This furin inhibitor was transfected into two tumorigenic astrocytoma cell lines .	
PURPOSE Astrocytoma arises in the central nervous system as a tumor of great lethality , in part because of the invasive potential of the neoplastic cells that are able to release extracellular matrix-degrading enzymes .	
Furin convertase activates several precursor matrix metalloproteases involved in the breakdown of the extracellular matrix .	
Invasion assays demonstrated that PDX-transfected cells exhibited a reduced invasive ability in vitro and in vivo .	11	1
Furthermore , s.c. growth of PDX transfectant xenotransplants showed a significant reduction in size that coincided with a significant decrease of the in vitro doubling time and of the in vivo cell proliferation ability .	
The inhibitory effect was evaluated using in vivo tumorigenicity , invasion , and proliferation assays , as well as by investigating impairment of furin substrate processing .	
RESULTS Expression of PDX prevented the s.c. growth of the transfected cells .	
Additional studies showed that the furin substrates insulin-like growth factor IR , transforming growth factor beta and membrane type 1-matrix metalloprotease were not activated in PDX-expressing astrocytoma cells .	
CONCLUSIONS PDX expression in astrocytoma cells demonstrated a direct mechanistic link between furin inhibition , and decreased astrocytoma proliferation and invasive ability .	
MSC(miR-126)-treated animals showed significantly improved cardiac function as assessed by echocardiography 2 weeks later .	
The expression levels of angiogenic factors and Dll-4 in the infarcted myocardium were further increased by MSC(miR-126) compared with MSCs or MSC(null) cultures .	71	7	711
Thus , the " Reverse Warburg Effect " or " parasitic " energy-transfer is a key determinant of poor overall patient survival .	
As MCT4 is a druggable-target , MCT4 inhibitors should be developed for the treatment of aggressive breast cancers , and possibly other types of human cancers .	
In fact , the combined use of stromal Cav-1 and stromal MCT4 allowed us to more precisely identify high-risk triple-negative breast cancer patients , consistent with the goal of individualized risk-assessment and personalized cancer treatment .	
However , epithelial MCT4 staining had no prognostic value , indicating that the " conventional " Warburg effect does not predict clinical outcome .	
Normal p16 expression is associated with a lower risk of tumour progression , but immunohistochemistry on cell cycle regulators and MMPs has little value in predicting the prognosis in stage T1 UCB .	511	5	51
Similarly , we discuss how stromal MCT4 could be used as a biomarker for identifying high-risk cancer patients that could likely benefit from treatment with FDA-approved drugs or existing MCT-inhibitors ( such as , AR-C155858 , AR-C117977 , and AZD-3965 ) .	
MMP2 , p21 , cyclin D1 , and pRb showed no significant results that could estimate progression or recurrence .	9	51	91	5	511
In the present studies , we detected that MCPH1 encodes several distinct transcripts , including two major forms : full-length MCPH1 ( MCPH1-FL ) and a second transcript lacking the six 3 ' exons ( MCPH1\u0394e9-14 ) .	
The expression abnormalities but not the mutations of the three genes are frequent events related to LN metastasis of ovarian cancer .	1	12	63	6
Biallelic mutations in MCPH1 cause primary microcephaly ( MCPH ) with the cellular phenotype of defective chromosome condensation .	
MCPH1 encodes a multifunctional protein that notably is involved in brain development , regulation of chromosome condensation , and DNA damage response .	
In summary , our results demonstrate here that MCPH1 encodes different isoforms that are differentially regulated at the transcript level and have different functions at the protein level .	
An elevated frequency of keratinocytes with persistent RIFs may thus serve as indicator of previous acute radiation exposure , which may be useful in the follow up of nuclear or radiological accident scenarios .	
The formation of the P(A)(\u03b4+)B(A)(\u03b4-) state is a result of the electron transfer from P*(P(A)(\u03b4+)P(B)(\u03b4-)) to the primary electron acceptor B(A) ( still mixed with P* ) with the apparent time delay of Next step of ET is accompanied by the 3-ps appearance of bacteriopheophytin a(-) ( H(A)(-) ) band at 960nm .	
Isolated paraganglioma within the parathyroid is rare , and should be separated from parathyroid adenoma , hyperplasia or metastatic disease to assure appropriate management .	
Keratin , CD10 , PTH , calcitonin and RCC markers were negative .	
The paraganglioma showed a delicate S-100 protein positive supporting sustentacular framework .	
E. coli BER mutants were used to identify genes which could play a role in DNA lesion repair generated by these agents .	
The survival assays showed ( i ) The nfo mutant was the most sensitive to SnCl(2) ; ( ii ) lethal synergistic effect was observed after UVA pre-illumination , plus SnCl(2) incubation , the nfo mutant being the most sensitive ; ( iii ) wild type and nfo mutants , transformed with pBW21 plasmid ( nfo(+) ) had their survival increased following treatments .	
The alkaline agarose gel electrophoresis assays pointed that ( i ) UVA induced DNA breaks and fpg mutant was the most sensitive ; ( ii ) SnCl(2)-induced DNA strand breaks were higher than those from UVA and nfo mutant had the slowest repair kinetics ; ( iii ) UVA + SnCl(2) promoted an increase in DNA breaks than SnCl(2) and , again , nfo mutant displayed the slowest repair kinetics .	612	62	61	6
In summary , Nfo protects E. coli cells against damage induced by SnCl(2) and UVA + SnCl(2) .	
The neoplastic cells were strongly and diffusely immunoreactive with chromogranin , synaptophysin , CD56 , and focally with cyclin-D1 .	
Mitotic figures , necrosis , invasive growth , and profound nuclear pleomorphism were absent .	11	83	1	8
NER capacity was affected by polymorphisms in the MTHFR and ERCC1 genes .	62	6
Compared with the environmental model , adding Phase I SNPs and NER capacity provided the best fit , and could explain 17% more of the variation in adduct levels .	
Aromatic DNA adduct levels ranged between 1.7 and 18.6 per 10(8) nucleotides ( mean : 5.8 ± 3.1 ) .	61	611	6
Multivariable regression models were compared by Akaike's information criterion ( AIC ) .	
The sum of risk alleles in these genes significantly correlated with the log-adduct level ( r = 0.4 , p < 0.001 ) .	
DNA adduct level was significantly lower in homozygotes for NAT2 slow alleles and ERCC5 non-risk-allele genotype , and was higher in the MPO homozygote risk-allele genotype .	61	611	6
DNA repair cleared the high numbers of DBSs in skin cells , while RIFs that persisted in <1% cells marked complex and potentially lethal DNA damage up to several weeks after exposure .	
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons ( PAHs ) likely play a role in many cancers even in never-smokers .	
NER capacity was evaluated by a modified comet assay , and aromatic DNA adduct levels were measured in blood by32P-postlabeling .	
In 111 randomly selected female never-smokers from the Golestan Cohort Study in Iran , we evaluated 21 SNPs in 14 genes related to xenobiotic metabolism and 12 SNPs in eight DNA repair genes .	
EZH2 is overexpressed in NPC and reduces expression of p16(INK4a) by influencing methylation , opening therapeutic options .	
A final slope , D(0) , of the survival curve for each cell line was determined to measure radiosensitivity .	
The D(0) of CSC-like and non-stem MDA-MB-453 cells were 1.16 Gy and 1.55 Gy , respectively .	
Similar results were observed in MDA-MB-231 cells ( 0.94 Gy vs. 1.56 Gy ) .	
Highly significant differences in the distribution of genotypes of the APE1 , XRCC1 and CCND1 genes were found between colon cancer patients and healthy individuals .	
There are contradictory observations about the different radiosensitivities of cancer stem cells and cancer non-stem cells .	
To resolve these contradictory observations , we studied radiosensitivities by employing breast cancer stem cell ( CSC)-like MDA-MB231 and MDA-MB453 cells as well as their corresponding non-stem cells .	
CSC-like cells proliferate without differentiating and have characteristics of tumor-initiating cells [ 1 ] .	
These cells were exposed to \u03b3-rays ( 1.25-8.75 Gy ) and survival curves were determined by colony formation .	
We observed that even though cell cycle status and antioxidant content may contribute to differential radiosensitivity , differential DNA repair capacity may be a greater determinant of radiosensitivity .	62	6
Unlike non-stem cells , CSC-like cells have little/no sublethal damage repair , a low intracellular level of ataxia telangiectasia mutated ( ATM ) and delay of \u03b3-H2AX foci removal ( DNA strand break repair ) .	62	6
Epithelial-mesenchymal transition ( EMT ) is a key developmental process and has also been implicated in cancer metastasis and therapeutic resistance in recent years .	
Such castration-resistant prostate cancer represents a major clinical challenge , and the mechanisms underlying castration resistance are not fully understood .	
Although this regimen effectively regresses androgen-dependent disease , relapse often occurs in an androgen-independent manner and is associated with poor prognosis .	
Androgen deprivation is currently a standard-of-care , first-line therapy for prostate cancer in the United States .	
In addition , we have delineated a feedback loop involving the androgen receptor and the Zeb1 transcription factor that seems to mediate this transition .	9	93
Importantly , we observed similar changes in mesenchymal features in prostate tumors from patients treated with androgen-deprivation therapy .	
Here , we show that both normal mouse prostate tissue and human LuCaP35 prostate tumor explants display an EMT as well as increased stem cell-like features following androgen deprivation .	11	1
However , the factors contributing to EMT in human cancers remain unclear .	
METHODS The tumor tissues of 115 patients with gastric cancer were immunohistochemically evaluated using monoclonal antibodies against NF-κB RelA .	
AIM To assess the prognostic significance of nuclear factor-κB ( NF-κB ) and its target genes in gastric cancer .	
This finding could have significant implications for second-line treatment strategies in this clinical setting .	
In summary , we show for the first time that androgen deprivation induces EMT in both normal prostate and prostate cancer , revealing a potentially important consequence of a standard-of-care treatment for prostate cancer .	
NF-κB RelA expression in tumor tissues was also related to serum levels of IL-6 ( P = 0.044 ) and CRP ( P = 0.010 ) .	
In immunohistochemistry , the number of cyclooxygenase-2 ( COX-2)-positive cells increased in rats given 0.25% BNF .	
IL-6 , VEGF , SAA and CRP were related to the stage .	
IL-6 , SAA , CRP were related to depth of invasion , VEGF and SAA were correlated with lymph node metastasis .	1
To address repair mechanisms that are responsible for BPQ induced damage we observed the effect of mutating two DNA repair genes OGG1 and APE1 ( APN1 in yeast ) and tested them in a yeast reporter system for p53 mutagenesis .	
Inflammation-related genes such as Ccl2 , Mmp12 , Serpine1 and Cox-2 significantly increased in the 0.25% BNF group .	a	a2
The most common PAH studied is benzo[a]pyrene ( B[a]P ) .	
Partial hepatectomized rats ( n = 11 to 12 ) were fed diets containing 0 , 0.03 , 0.06 , 0.125 or 0.25% BNF for 6 weeks after an intraperitoneal injection of N-diethylnitrosamine ( DEN ) to initiate hepatocarcinogenesis .	
Lung cancer is primarily caused by exposure to tobacco smoke .	
Tobacco smoke contains numerous carcinogens , including polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons ( PAH ) .	
Studies with a yeast p53 mutagenesis system found that the generation of ROS by PAH o-quinones may contribute to lung carcinogenesis because of similarities between the patterns ( types of mutations ) and spectra ( location of mutations ) and those seen in lung cancer .	
The patterns were dominated by G to T transversions , and the spectra in the experimental system have mutations at lung cancer hotspots .	
BPQ undergoes a futile redox cycle in the presence of NADPH to generate reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) .	
To determine the threshold dose of β-Naphthoflavone ( BNF ) that induces hepatocellular tumor promoting effects , reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) generation and thiobarbituric acid-reactive substance ( TBARS ) formation , and drug-metabolizing enzymes that protect against ROS generation , two-stage liver carcinogenesis model was used .	
Of these 500 individuals , data on 375 individuals were included in this study , excluding 125 cases , which developed lung cancer within the first 3 yr after blood sampling .	
Bulky DNA adduct levels were measured by 32P-postlabeling technique and polymorphisms in carcinogen metabolism and DNA repair genes were determined .	
Potential predictors of bulky DNA adduct levels were analyzed by univariate and multivariate regression analyses .	
Women tended to have higher adduct levels than men .	61	611	6
Bulky DNA adducts are considered a potential biomarker of cancer risk .	
In this study , the association between various lifestyle , environmental , and genetic factors and the levels of bulky DNA adducts in peripheral leukocytes was examined in a study group nested within a population-based prospective Danish cohort .	
At enrollment , blood samples were collected and information on lifestyle , including dietary and smoking habits , obtained .	
Previously , bulky DNA adducts were measured in 245 individuals who developed lung cancer and 255 control members of the cohort .	
These findings suggest that pitavastatin attenuates chronic inflammation and improves the imbalance of adipocytokines , both of which are caused by the presence of excess adipose tissues , thereby preventing the development of colonic premalignancies in an obesity-related colon cancer model .	a	a2
Therefore , some types of statins , including pitavastatin , may be a useful chemoprevention modality for colon cancer in obese individuals .	
Living in central Copenhagen and surface darkness of fried meat and fish were associated with quantitative higher adduct levels .	61	611	6
No significant associations were found between dietary factors or smoking and DNA adduct levels .	61	611	6
Expression of these genes is mainly regulated by E2F1 , a transcription factor that is crucial for transition of the cell cycle from G1 to S phase .	
In AhR-activated cells , the expression levels of DNA synthesis-related genes such as proliferating cell nuclear antigen ( PCNA ) and RFC38 are notably increased .	
Functional mapping of AhR showed that the Per-Arnt-Sim ( PAS ) B domain is required for promotion of E2F1 activity .	
We show here that the transcriptional activity of E2F1 is increased by the AhR agonist treatment and that this effect depends on the presence of AhR .	
Several reports have shown that the AhR plays an important role in the control of cell-cycle progression , and this function is thought to be partly associated with the tumor promotion activity of dioxin .	
The aryl hydrocarbon receptor ( AhR ) is a ligand-activated transcription factor that mediates a spectrum of toxic and biological effects of 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin and related compounds .	
We have previously shown that overexpression of AhR , as well as AhR ligand treatment , stimulates cell proliferation of human lung cancer A549 cells .	
However , the underling mechanisms are not fully understood .	
Consequently , the results in this study indicate the physiological function of AhR as a potent transcriptional coactivator of E2F1-dependent transcription and implicate the AhR-E2F1 interaction as a part of the mechanism by which AhR/Arnt promotes cell proliferation .	9	93
The mechanism involves formation of a complex of AhR and E2F1 on the regulatory region in the E2F1 target gene , followed by recruitment of coactivator activator for thyroid hormone and retinoid receptors ( ACTR ) .	9	93
In conclusion , our results highlight that an anti-cancer reagent with an inhibiting effect on energy metabolism could inhibit metastasis , and EF24 is a possible candidate for anti-metastasis therapeutic applications for ovarian cancer .	1	3	12
In the present research , we found that EF24 , a HIF-1\u03b1 inhibitor , could significantly block glucose uptake , the rate of glycolysis , and lactate production compared with vehicle treatment in SKOV-3 , A2780 and OVCAR-3 cells .	31	3
However , it is unclear as to whether targeting the glycolytic pathway may kill the malignant cells and likely have broad therapeutic implications against ovarian cancer metastasis .	
As in ovarian cancer cells , increased metabolic activity and glucose concentration has been linked to aggressiveness of cancer .	
Cancer cells require glucose to support their rapid growth through a process known as aerobic glycolysis , or the Warburg effect .	
Our results indicated that EF24 treatment could inhibit tumor growth , intraperitoneal metastasis and lung metastasis of SKOV-3 cells , and Glut1 is a possible mediator for the role of EF24 .	1	12
To examine the effect of EF24 and the mediated role of Glut1 in vivo in a xenograph subcutaneous tumor model , intraperitoneal metastasis and lung metastasis model were introduced .	1	12
Furthermore , as an important mediator of glucose metabolism , glucose transporter 1 ( Glut1 ) was found to contribute to the function of EF24 in both energy metabolism and metastasis .	1	3	12
These results might possibly contribute to the further observation that EF24 could inhibit ovarian cancer cell migration and invasion from wound healing and Transwell assays .	11	1
We conclude that in mouse oocytes FZR1 controls the timing of assembly of the bipolar spindle and in so doing the timing of SAC satisfaction and APC(CDC20) activity .	
C4-I cells were the most sensitive to treatment with sinecatechins , with a lower GI(50) ( Total GI was achieved in a 48-hour assay at 625�M sinecatechins ( 40�M for C4-I ) , with growth inhibitory potential detectable after one hour .	
Clonogenic assays confirmed the cytotoxic potential of sinecatechins with a reduction in clone numbers in a concentration-dependent fashion .	
Sinecatechins substantially reduced the number of surviving HeLa cells at a concentration of 200�M , while surviving SiHa cells were almost totally eradicated with a concentration of 600�M .	
Conclusion : Sinecatechins demonstrated growth inhibitory potential in all four human papillomavirus-infected tumor cell lines , which may be attributed to the induction of apoptosis , mediated by cell cycle deregulation .	
In addition , this antiproliferative effect may contribute to the overall cancer-preventative function and possible direct antiviral activity of sinecatechins that may contribute to external genital and perianal warts clearance .	
Global or cLTP-induced synaptic accumulation of CaMKII\u03b1 occurred in wild-type but not sister GluN2B -/- cultured mouse hippocampal neurons .	
Together , our work establishes SIRT7 as a highly selective H3K18Ac deacetylase and demonstrates a pivotal role for SIRT7 in chromatin regulation , cellular transformation programs and tumour formation in vivo .	
Finally , SIRT7 depletion markedly reduces the tumorigenicity of human cancer cell xenografts in mice .	
SIRT7 is a mammalian sirtuin whose biochemical activity , molecular targets and physiological functions have been unclear .	
Sirtuin proteins regulate diverse cellular pathways that influence genomic stability , metabolism and ageing .	
Genome-wide binding studies reveal that SIRT7 binds to promoters of a specific set of gene targets , where it deacetylates H3K18Ac and promotes transcriptional repression .	
Here we show that SIRT7 is an NAD(+)-dependent H3K18Ac ( acetylated lysine 18 of histone H3 ) deacetylase that stabilizes the transformed state of cancer cells .	
Notably , selective hypoacetylation of H3K18Ac has been linked to oncogenic transformation , and in patients is associated with aggressive tumour phenotypes and poor prognosis .	
The spectrum of SIRT7 target genes is defined in part by its interaction with the cancer-associated E26 transformed specific ( ETS ) transcription factor ELK4 , and comprises numerous genes with links to tumour suppression .	
Moreover , SIRT7 is necessary for a global hypoacetylation of H3K18Ac associated with cellular transformation by the viral oncoprotein E1A .	
We find that deacetylation of H3K18Ac by SIRT7 is necessary for maintaining essential features of human cancer cells , including anchorage-independent growth and escape from contact inhibition .	5	52
This nucleotide change would not affect the binding of known microRNAs .	
Therefore , MYH7 mutations outside the coding exon sequences would be rarely found among HCM patients .	
MYH7 mutations are found in of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy ( HCM ) patients .	
Currently , mutational analysis is based on the sequencing of the coding exons and a few exon-flanking intronic nucleotides , resulting in omission of single-exon deletions and mutations in internal intronic , promoter , and 3 ' UTR regions .	
We amplified and sequenced large MYH7 fragments in 60 HCM patients without previously identified sarcomere mutations .	
Lack of aberrant PCR fragments excluded single-exon deletions in the patients .	
Instead , we identified several new rare intronic variants .	
An intron 26 single nucleotide insertion ( -5 insC ) was predicted to affect pre-mRNA splicing , but allele frequencies did not differ between patients and controls ( n = 150 ) .	
We found several rare promoter variants in the patients compared to controls , some of which were in binding sites for transcription factors and could thus affect gene expression .	
Only one rare 3 ' UTR variant ( c.*29T>C ) found in the patients was absent among the controls .	
These results show that intra-arterial infusion with CDDP and BLM improves the prognosis of recurrent cervical cancer and that labeling and proliferation indices may be useful for determining the response of cervical cancer to intra-arterial chemotherapy .	
Although the DNA ploidy of tumor cells was not significantly different between the two groups before treatment , both the labeling index with BrdU and the proliferation index with flow cytometry significantly increased 24 hours after treatment in responding tumors but not in nonresponding tumors .	91	9
There was no difference , in the tumor tissue concentrations of CDDP and BLM between responders and nonresponders .	
The response rate ( CR+PR ) was 71.4% according to the WHO criteria .	
Two to four courses of the infusion therapy were given to each patient , and the response rate , the tumor and serum drug concentrations , and the cell kinetics in tumor tissue were evaluated .	
Patients were treated with a bolus infusion into both internal iliac arteries of 50 mg/m2 of CDDP and 30 mg/m2 of BLM .	
Intra-arterial infusion with cisplatin ( CDDP ) and bleomycin ( BLM ) was carried out in 21 patients with locally recurrent uterine cervical cancer who were previously treated with irradiation alone .	
Therefore , the pro-inflammatory microenvironment generated by the host's systemic response to C. albicans stimulates circulating cancer cells to metastasize in the liver .	1	12	a	a2
Mouse treatment with antifungal ketoconazol abrogated hepatic TNF-alpha stimulation by C. albicans and prevented the enhancement of hepatic metastasis in fungal challenged-mice .	1	12
Circular dichroism thermal denaturation studies indicated that P6981 binds both the B-ZIP domain and the leucine zipper .	
The most active compound , P6981 [ 2-(3-stibonophenyl)malonic acid ] , had half-maximal inhibition at nM for CREB .	
P6981 induced GFP-B-ZIP chimeric proteins to partially localize to the cytoplasm , demonstrating that it is active in cells .	
The crystal structure of an arylstibonic acid , NSC13778 , bound to the VBP leucine zipper identified electrostatic interactions between both the stibonic and carboxylic acid groups of NSC13778 [ (E)-3-(3-stibonophenyl)acrylic acid ] and arginine side chains of VBP , which is also involved in interhelical salt bridges in the leucine zipper .	
We previously identified arylstibonic acids that bind to B-ZIP proteins and inhibit their interaction with DNA .	
Several basic leucine zipper ( B-ZIP ) transcription factors have been implicated in cancer , substance abuse , and other pathological conditions .	
Twenty-five arylstibonic acids showed activity at micromolar concentrations .	
In this study , we used electrophoretic mobility shift assay to analyze 46 arylstibonic acids for their activity to disrupt the DNA binding of three B-ZIP [ CCAAT/enhancer-binding protein \u03b1 , cyclic AMP-response element-binding protein ( CREB ) , and vitellogenin gene-binding protein ( VBP) ] and two basic helix-loop-helix leucine zipper ( B-HLH-ZIP ) [ USF ( upstream stimulating factor ) and Mitf ] proteins .	
NSC13778 inhibited the growth of xenografted clear cell sarcoma , and no toxicity was observed .	
P6981 inhibited the growth of a patient-derived clear cell sarcoma cell line whose oncogenic potential is driven by a chimeric protein EWS-ATF1 ( Ewing's sarcoma protein-activating transcription factor 1 ) , which contains the DNA binding domain of ATF1 , a B-ZIP protein .	
However , no significant changes were observed in the CD8 , CD4/CD8 value .	2	21
TIL responses in the cimetidine groups were also enhanced significantly .	
Methodology : Sixty patients with colorectal cancer were enrolled from Jan 2005 to Dec 2005 from Taizhou Hospital .	
This study implicates FZR1 as a major regulator of prometaphase whose activity helps to prevent chromosome nondisjunction .	
Background/Aims : Cimetidine has been shown to play an important role in the treatment of cancer and the regulation of the immune system .	
Therefore , we aimed to observe the effects of cimetidine on the systematic immune response in the perioperative period .	
Results : The levels of CD3 and CD4 T-lymphocytes were increased significantly in both low and high dose cimetidine groups 10 days after operation .	
The number of CD19 B cells was also elevated by cimetidine .	
Venous blood sample was collected and the T- , B- and NK-lymphocyte subsets were determined by flow cytometry .	
The specimens were subjected to tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes ( TILs ) response examination .	
We conclude that the use of glucose as a source of ATP is obligatory for the execution of PDT-induced apoptosis .	8	31	81	3
RESULTS Our results revealed population-specific mutations , mutational hotspots , and functionally distinct regions in the three causal genes .	
In addition , six genes that were contenders for a role in inherited Cbl malabsorption were studied in a subset of these patients .	
Flow-cytometric analysis using annexin-V-fluorescein and propidium iodide detected the early change of apoptosis , as well as necrosis of OUMS-27 cells at 4 h after co-incubation with 15d-PGJ(2) .	83	81	8
The mechanism of cytotoxic effects of 15d-PGJ(2) was via apoptosis as shown by DNA fragmentation using TUNEL stain and DNA ladder formation , and by ultrastructural analysis using transmission electron microscopy .	8	81
These results suggest that peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma may play a significant role in the pathogenesis of chondrosarcoma , and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma ligands , especially 15d-PGJ(2) , may be of therapeutic value in the treatment of human chondrosarcoma .	9	93
The expression of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma mRNA and protein in human chondrosarcoma cell line OUMS-27 was also determined by reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction and immunocytochemistry , respectively .	
A rare immunohistochemical study using 28 surgical sections of human chondrosarcoma revealed that 67.9% of tumour cells had weak ( 10-40% ) or strong ( >40% ) positive immunoreaction for peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma .	9	93
Pioglitazone , a selective ligand for peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma , and 15-deoxy-Delta(12,14)-prostaglandin J(2) ( 15d-PGJ(2) ) , a putative endogenous ligand for peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma , inhibited the proliferation of OUMS-27 cells in a dose-dependent manner .	9	93
Furthermore , the effects of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma ligands on cell proliferation and survival were investigated in OUMS-27 cells .	
The physiological role of CDK6 for basal as well as cytokine-induced p65 phosphorylation or NF-κB activation was revealed upon RNAi-mediated suppression of CDK6 .	
However , subjects with higher serum levels of IGFBP-3 were at reduced risk of lung cancer .	
OSED utilizes D-amino acid oxidase ( DAO ) , which is a promising therapeutic protein that induces oxidative stress and apoptosis through generating hydrogen peroxide ( H2O2 ) .	
Thus , a mitochondrial defect in Cav-1 deficient stromal cells could drive oxidative stress , leading to aerobic glycolysis , and inflammation , in the tumor microenvironment .	a21	31	3	a2	a
These stromal alterations may underlie the molecular basis of the " reverse Warburg effect " , and could provide the key to targeted anti-cancer therapies using metabolic inhibitors .	31	3
These results demonstrate that the Rh2-mediated G(1) arrest and the differentiation are closely linked to the regulation of TGF-β production in human leukemia cells .	
The characteristics of the 85th and 60th passage cells were weakened at contact-inhibition and anchorage-dependent growth .	5	52
Because the mitochondrial membrane potential ( delta psi ) decreases early in apoptosis , we raised the question about the mechanisms of maintaining a sufficiently high ATP level .	
MDSCs and Tregs play an essential role in the immunosuppressive networks that contribute to tumor-immune evasion .	
Under these conditions apoptotic cells reduced delta psi rapidly , while the ATP level remained high for 4-6 h after treatment for cells supplied with glucose .	8	81
Previous reports have suggested that MDSC may contribute to Treg induction in cancer .	
Herein , we provide evidence that tumor-induced gr-MDSCs , endowed with the potential of suppressing conventional T Lc , surprisingly impair TGF-β1-mediated generation of CD4(+)CD25(+)FoxP3(+) iTregs .	2	9	92	21
Furthermore , gr-MDSCs impede the proliferation of nTregs without , however , affecting FoxP3 expression .	
Suppression of iTreg differentiation from na�ve CD4(+) cells by gr-MDSC occurs early in the polarization process , requires inhibition of early T cell activation , and depends on ROS and IDO but does not require arginase 1 , iNOS , NO , cystine/cysteine depletion , PD-1 and PD-L1 signaling , or COX-2 .	
These findings thus indicate that gr-MDSCs from TB hosts have the unanticipated ability to restrict immunosuppressive Tregs .	2	22
The establishment of a continuous line of esophageal epithelium may provide a in vitro model of carcinogenesis induced by HPV .	
In this regard , NO-sulindac also inhibited NFκB by enhancing IκBα as evidenced by the reduced expression of iNOS and COX-2 , the direct NFκB transcription target proteins .	
Four fourths of SCID mice in the 85th passage cells and one fourth of SCID mice in the 60th passage cells developed tumors , but the cells in the 10th and 31st passage displayed no tumor formation .	
CONCLUSION In continual cultivation of fetal esophageal epithelial cells with transduction of HPV18E(6)E(7) , cells from the 10th to the 85th passage were changed gradually from preimmortal , immortal , precancerous to malignantly transformed stages .	4	41
Betaine also inhibited invivo angiogenesis in the mouse Matrigel plug assay .	7	71
At the molecular level , activated macrophages from these mice showed enhancements in the use of inflammatory mRNAs ( including Tnf , Tgfb , Il10 , Ccr2 , and Ccl2 ) due to a lack of inhibitory effects on their inducible translation and/or stability .	a	a2
In contrast , NPQ does not affect the rates of singlet-singlet exciton annihilation .	
Our analysis of non-linear fluorescence characteristics revealed that NPQ activation leads to an decrease in the relaxation times of both allophycocyanin fluorescence components , F660 and F680 , and a 5-fold decrease in the effective excitation cross-section of F680 , suggesting an emergence of a pathway of energy dissipation for both types of allophycocyanin .	
Kinetic measurements of fluorescence quenching in the Synechocystis mutant revealed the presence of several stages in NPQ development , as previously observed in the wild type .	
This indicates that , upon NPQ activation , the excess excitation energy is transferred from allophycocyanins to quencher molecules ( presumably 3'hydroxyechinenone in the orange carotenoid protein ) , rather than being dissipated due to conformational changes of chromophores within the phycobilisome core .	
Here we investigate the NPQ mechanism in the cyanobacterium Synechocystis sp .	
In order to prevent photodestruction by high light , photosynthetic organisms have evolved a number of mechanisms , known as non-photochemical quenching ( NPQ ) , that deactivate the excited states of light harvesting pigments .	
Using non-linear laser fluorimetry , we have determined molecular photophysical characteristics of phycocyanin and spectrally distinct forms of allophycocyanin for the cells in non-quenched and quenched states .	
PCC 6803 mutant deficient in both photosystems .	
Our results suggest a more complex kinetics of the NPQ process , thus clarifying a multistep model for the formation of the quenching center .	
However , the lack of photosystems in the mutant enhanced the magnitude of NPQ as compared to the wild type , and allowed us to better characterize this process .	
METHODS Immunohistochemical study for IL-7 , IL-7R , cyclin D1 and vascular endothelial growth factor-D ( VEGF-D ) was carried out in NSCLC tissues from 95 patients .	
A reduced expression of PCNA and cyclin D1 associated with the dampening of cell cycle progression was observed .	91	9
The nuclear EGFR translocation , necessary to increase the DNA-PK activity in response to oxidative stress , was blocked .	a21	a2	a	9	93
This type of analysis can potentially identify additional immune therapeutic targets in patients with mRCC .	a1	a
In the present study , we wished to determine if the supraphysiological production of the Th1-skewing cytokine interleukin-12 ( IL-12 ) could enhance immune activation and antitumor protection in this model .	
Tumors that did develop in immunized mice had slower growth kinetics compared to tumors implanted in na�ve mice .	
Previous experience in a model in which C57BL/6 mice immunized with DC transduced with adenoviral vectors expressing MART-1 demonstrated a 20-40% complete protection to a tumor challenge with B16 melanoma cells .	
Genetic immunotherapy with tumor antigen gene-modified dendritic cells ( DC ) generates robust immunity , although antitumor protection is not complete in all models .	
In conclusion , in this animal model , IL-12 production by gene-modified DC leads to a cytokine-induced dose-dependent inhibition of antigen-specific antitumor protection .	
This adverse effect of IL-12 could not be explained by a direct cytotoxic effect of natural killer cells directed towards DC , nor the production of nitric oxide leading to down-regulation of the immune response - the two mechanisms previously recognized to explain immune-suppressive effects of IL-12-based vaccine therapy .	2	22
In a series of experiments immunizing mice with DC cotransduced with MART-1 and IL-12 , antitumor protection and antigen-specific splenocyte cytotoxicity and interferon gamma production inversely correlated with the amount of IL-12 produced by DC .	
The electroporation of tumor cells with these PAMPs prior to necrosis induction triggered antigen-specific CD8(+) T-cell responses through a TLR9/MyD88-dependent pathway .	a1	83	a	8
We show that necrotic cells trigger CD8(+) T-cell immunity only in the presence of PAMPs or analogs , such as p(dI-dC) and/or unmethylated CpG DNA .	a1	83	a	8
These results suggest that antigen-specific CD8(+) T-cell responses to primary necrotic tumor cells can be induced in the presence of PAMPs and thus have a substantial impact on the development of antitumor vaccination strategies .	a1	83	a	8
In addition , we found that necrotic cells contain factors that can block the cross-priming of CD8(+) T cells even under non-sterile conditions and can serve as a possible mechanism of immunosuppression .	83	2	22	8
However , how necrotic cells influence the induction of antigen-specific CD8(+) T cell-mediated adaptive immune responses under sterile conditions , in the absence of pathogen associated molecular patterns ( PAMPs ) , remains poorly understood .	
Necrotic cells are known to activate the innate immune system and trigger inflammation by releasing damage associated molecular patterns ( DAMPs ) .	
We found that primary necrotic cells alone fail to generate CD8(+) T cell-dependent immune responses toward cell-associated antigens .	a1	83	a	8
Here , we examined antigen-specific CD8(+) T-cell responses to primary sterile necrotic tumor cells both in vitro and in vivo .	
Cytotoxicity was accompanied by formation of acridine orange-stained acidic vesicles and an increase in LC3 expression , indicative of autophagic response .	82	8
The apparently apoptotic induction effects may partly explain the cytotoxicity of the two agents .	8	81
The results of the study of ERβ on migration and invasion of HCT-116 cells demonstrated that overexpression of ERβ significantly decreased cell migration and increased invasion of cells .	11	1
The mechanism of IL-7/IL-7R in promoting cell proliferation and inducing lymphangiogenesis was studied by methylthiazolyldiphenyl-tetrazolium bromide , fluorescence-activated cell sorting , reverse transcriptase-PCR , Western blot , co-immunoprecipitation , chromatin immunoprecipitation and nude mice experiments with xenograft tumors .	
In vitro and in vivo studies were conducted to investigate the therapeutic effects of ERβ and raloxifene in HCT-116 cells .	
INTRODUCTION Cell-cell interaction is an essential component of atherosclerotic plaque development .	
Activated monocytes appear to play a central role in the development of atherosclerosis , not only through foam cell formation but also via the production of various growth factors that induce proliferation of different cell types that are involved in the plaque development .	
Using serum free co-culture method , we determined the effect of monocytes on endothelial cell proliferation .	
METHODS Endothelial cell proliferation is determined by the amount of [ 3H]thymidine incorporated in to the DNA .	
Basic fibroblast growth factor ( b-FGF ) , vascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF ) and interleukin-8 ( IL-8 ) levels in the conditioned medium were determined by ELISA .	
RESULTS Conditioned medium from unactivated monocytes partially inhibited endothelial cell proliferation , whereas conditioned medium from activated monocytes promoted endothelial cell proliferation .	
The mitogenic effect of conditioned medium derived from activated monocytes is due to the presence of b-FGF , VEGF and IL-8 .	71	7	711
Neutralizing antibodies against b-FGF , VEGF and IL-8 partially reversed the mitogenic effect of conditioned medium derived from activated monocytes .	71	7	711
When b-FGF , VEGF and IL-8 were immunoprecipitated from conditioned medium derived from activated monocytes , it is less mitogenic to endothelial cells .	71	7	711
CONCLUSION Activated monocytes may play an important role in the development of atherosclerotic plaque by producing endothelial cell growth factors .	
We investigated the effect of TPEN , an intracellular zinc chelator , in Jurkat and in ex vivo acute lymphoblastic leukemia ( ALL ) cells resistant to chemotherapy .	
Acute lymphoblastic leukemia is still an incurable disease with resistance to therapy developing in the majority of patients .	
These data contribute to understanding the importance of oxidative stress in the treatment of ALL .	a21	a2	a
Our data suggest that TPEN can be used as a potential therapeutic prooxidant agent against refractory leukemia .	
Most importantly , TPEN cytotoxic effect can eventually be regulated by the antioxidant N-acetyl-cysteine and zinc ions .	
METHODS In this study , ERβ gene constructed into adenoviral ( Ad ) vectors was used to treat colon cancer HCT-116 cells alone or in combination with raloxifene .	
BACKGROUND Estrogen receptor β ( ERβ ) is the predominant ER in the colorectal epithelium , whose expression is greatly reduced in colorectal cancer compared with normal colon tissue .	
The relationship between IL-7/IL-7R expression and various parameters was analyzed .	
Recent in vitro studies suggested that ERβ may suppress tumor growth .	
The relationship between miR-216a expressions and the clinicopathological features of the patients was analyzed .	
CONCLUSION These results suggest that the G2/M or G0/G1 cell cycle arrest and apoptosis induced by paclitaxel and pirarubicin are Bcl-2/Bax dependent , suggesting favorable effects of combination therapy with paclitaxel and pirarubicin in the treatment of osteosarcoma .	
Furthermore , paclitaxel and pirarubicin suppressed the expression of PCNA , cyclin D1 , cyclin E and Bcl-2 , and increased Bax expression .	91	81	9	8
Interestingly , in cells treated with pirarubicin , apoptosis was related to treatment duration at concentrations of 10(2)-10(3) nM , whereas the effect of treatment duration was less marked at concentrations >10(4)-10(5) nM .	8	81
Apoptosis of MG-63 cells mediated by paclitaxel was dependent on treatment duration .	8	81
RESULTS Paclitaxel and pirarubicin caused G2/M and G0/G1 cell cycle arrest in MG-63 cells , respectively .	9	51	511	5	91
PCNA , Bcl-2 , Bax , cyclin D1 and cyclin E expression was assessed by Western blotting .	
METHODS The effects of paclitaxel and pirarubicin on cell cycle arrest and apoptosis were studied in MG-63 cells using flow cytometry .	
However , little is known about the apoptosis-inducing effects of paclitaxel and pirarubicin on human osteosarcoma MG-63 cells .	
BACKGROUND Paclitaxel and pirarubicin exhibit cytotoxic and antitumor activities .	
RESULTS the overall six-week complication rate was 16% ( 35 ) and included : major skin flap necrosis ( 4% , 9 procedures ) , minor skin necrosis ( 3% , 7 ) , major infection ( 2% , 5 ) , minor infection ( 3% , 7 ) , prolonged seroma formation ( 3% , 6 ) , haematoma ( 1% , 2 ) and epidermolysis ( 1% , 2 ) .	83	8
In 6% ( 12 ) reconstruction procedures explantation of prosthesis was done .	
Neoadjuvant chemo-therapy and radiotherapy were not associated with higher rate of complications .	
CONCLUSION nipple-sparing mastectomy with immediate implant reconstruction has acceptable morbidity rate in the hand of experienced oncoplastic surgeon and therefore should be considered as treatment option to women requiring mastectomy .	
BACKGROUND AND AIMS breast reconstruction with silicone prosthesis following nipple-sparing mastectomy has become widely accepted as a reconstruction option in women requiring mastectomy for cancer .	
The purpose of this study was to evaluate the incidence and some factors influencing early local complications in patients undergoing NSM with immediate implant reconstruction .	
MATERIAL AND METHODS prospective study was performed on a consecutive series of 214 breast reconstructions in 205 patients .	
All complications during the six weeks after surgery were recorded. 42 prostheses were implanted after neoadjuvant chemotherapy , 27 patients previously had radiotherapy due to breast conserving surgery and in all other cases surgery was the pri-mary treatment for cancer .	
Data from this study revealed that loss of miR-124 expression is a common event in CaP , which may contribute to the pathogenesis of CaP .	
Furthermore , IL-7/IL-7R could induce binding of c-Fos/c-Jun to cyclin D1/VEGF-D promoters and regulate their transcription .	
Lineage-specific positive selection was detected in the ancestral Euarchontoglires and Hominidae lineages for STK11 , in the ancestral primate lineage for CDH1 , in the ancestral Murinae lineage for both SDHC and MSH6 genes and the ancestral Muridae lineage for TSC1 .	
Evidence of lineage-specific positive selection was identified in 14 genes in both ancestral and extant lineages .	
Analysis of these orthologous datasets revealed significant levels of positive selection .	
We identified orthologs for these 22 genes across a set of high coverage ( >6X ) vertebrate genomes .	
RESULTS Our analysis of the current literature and colon cancer databases identified 22 genes exhibiting colon cancer associated germline mutations .	
In this study we test the hypothesis that cancer associated genes have different patterns of substitution akin to adaptive evolution in different mammal lineages .	
For a given set of human disease related genes , it is therefore important to determine if functional equivalency has been retained between species .	
However , our assumptions of functional equivalence fail to consider the opportunity for divergence conferred by Million Years ( MY ) of independent evolution between these species .	
Of these model organisms , mice are often dominant .	
BACKGROUND Cancer , much like most human disease , is routinely studied by utilizing model organisms .	
Our studies also suggest that miR-124 is a potential tumor suppressive gene in CaP , and restoration of miR-124 expression may represent a novel strategy for CaP therapy.Oncogene advance online publication , 15 October 2012 ; doi:10.1038/onc.2012.425 .	
CONCLUSIONS The results indicate that Fe-Lf is a potent natural adjuvant capable of augmenting the chemotherapeutic activity of tamoxifen .	
In order to measure UDS in culture , reduction in the percentage of cells in S-phase was accomplished either by depriving the cells of epidermal growth factor and bovine pituitary extract or by contact inhibition of growth .	
An assay was developed for detecting genotoxic activity , as unscheduled DNA synthesis ( UDS ) , induced by chemicals and UV radiation in early passage cultures of normal human mammary epithelial cells ( HMEC ) derived from 5 different women .	
Since some environmental chemicals are stored in human breast fat and are rodent mammary carcinogens , determining the genotoxic potential of environmental agents in this key target tissue is important .	
Despite an increasing incidence of human breast cancer , its etiology remains unknown .	
These results demonstrate that HMEC from all 5 women examined have the ability to metabolize a variety of environmental chemicals to DNA-reactive forms .	
Survival time in patients with locally advanced cancer can be lengthened by resecting all of the primary tumor and as much of the metastatic lesions as possible , even if the surgical management is " noncurative. "	1	12
UDS was quantitated autoradiographically as net grains per nucleus ( nuclear grains minus cytoplasmic background , population average ) with > or = 6 net nuclear grains considered in repair for any individual cell .	
Cultures were incubated with test chemicals for 24 h in the presence of [ 3H]-thymidine .	
In xenograft-bearing mice , dexamethasone slightly augmented the growth of the inoculated tumors but completely prevented the development of bloody ascites , suggestive of peritoneal dissemination of tumor cells , and actual metastasis .	1	12
In addition , dexamethasone increased IκBα protein levels and cytosolic accumulation of NF-κB .	
A positive response in passage 9 cultures was observed only with direct acting agents , suggesting that HMEC may lose their metabolic capabilities in longer-term cultures .	
Furthermore , some chemicals known either to cause mammary cancer in rodents or to be contaminants in human breast tissue are genotoxic in HMEC .	6
Similar effects of Fe-Lf and tamoxifen on tumor cell viability were seen in the treatment of established tumors .	
This increase in relative proportion of pericentromeric aberrations after release from APH treatment revealed that pericentromeric breaks induced by replication stress are refractory to prompt repair in HPV16 E6E7-expressing epithelial cells .	
In contrast , pericentromeric aberrations accounted for only about 20% of total aberrations in cells at the end of APH treatment .	
For the first time , our study demonstrates the epigenetic inactivation of PCDH8 by promoter methylation and its tumor suppressor function in human gastric cancer .	
Thus , PCDH8 could be identified as a candidate tumor suppressor in human gastric cancer .	
Amongst various forms of chromosomal instability , pericentromeric or centromeric instability remains particularly poorly understood .	
Chromosomal instability is the major form of genomic instability in cancer cells .	
These results suggest that a change in [ Cl(-)](i) would play a critical role in this growth mechanism .	
In the present study , we found that pericentromeric instability , evidenced by dynamic formation of pericentromeric or centromeric rearrangements , breaks , deletions or iso-chromosomes , was a general phenomenon in human cells immortalized by expression of human papillomavirus type 16 E6 and E7 ( HPV16 E6E7 ) .	
To clarify this possibility , we studied effects of furosemide and bumetanide , Na+/K+/2Cl(-) cotransporter ( NKCC ) inhibitors , on proliferation of PC3 cells .	
Furosemide and bumetanide decreased [ Cl(-)](i) and cell growth of PC3 cells .	
These results suggest that cells cultured in the low Cl(-) medium prolonged the duration of all phases of the cell cycle ( G(1) , S , and G(2)/M ) , thereby abolishing overall cell cycle progression .	9	51	511	5	91
Effects of culturing cells in the low Cl(-) culture medium on cell cycle progression would be mediated via a change in the intracellular Cl(-) concentration ( [ Cl(-)](i) ) , since [ Cl(-)](i) was decreased under a low Cl(-) culture medium .	
Exposure of cells to the 8 mM-Cl(-) culture medium diminished phosphorylation levels of Rb and cdc2 , which are respectively key accelerators of transition from G(1) to S phase and G(2) to M phase in cell cycle progression .	91	9
Culturing cells in the 8 mM-Cl(-)-containing culture medium upregulated the protein expression level of p21 ( a CDK inhibitor ) inhibiting transition of G(1) to S phase , and diminished the incorporation of 5-ethynyl-2'-deoxyuridine ( EdU ; a thymidine analogue ) into DNA .	511	5	51
In the present study , we investigated if the intracellular Cl(-) affects cell growth and cell cycle progression of androgen-independent prostate cancer PC3 cells .	
PC3 cells cultured in a medium containing 113 mM Cl(-) for 96 h grew up 9-fold in cell number , while PC3 cells cultured in an 8 mM-Cl(-)-containing culture medium showed complete arrest of cell growth even after culture for 96 h .	
Molecular or pharmacologic inhibitions of Akt prevented the antiapoptotic effect of smoking compounds .	8	81
Our multiconditional genetic interaction map provides a unique resource that identifies agent-specific and general DNA damage response pathways .	
METHODS Cell viability was measured by MTT assay , Hoechest33258 staining was used to detect the chromatin condensation characteristic of apoptosis , and DNA fragmentation was assessed by gel electrophoresis and cell cycle analysis by flow cytometry .	
RESULTS Crocin induced apoptosis and G1-phase cell cycle arrest of BxPC-3 cells , while decreasing cell viability in a dose dependent and time dependent manner .	511	5	51
BACKGROUND Apoptosis , a widely important mechanism that contributes to cell growth reduction , is reported to be induced by Crocus sativus in different cancer types .	
The present study was designed to elucidate apoptosis induction by crocin , a main component of Crocus sativus in a human pancreatic cancer cell line ( BxPC-3 ) .	
CONCLUSION Our preclinical study demonstrated a pancreatic cancer cell line to be highly sensitive to crocin-mediated growth inhibition and apoptotic cell death .	8	81
Although the molecular mechanisms of crocin action are not yet clearly understood , it appears to have potential as a therapeutic agent .	
Cells treated with 10μg/L crocin exhibited apoptotic morphology ( brightly blue-fluorescent condensed nuclei on Hoechst 33258 staining ) and reduction of volume .	8	81
DNA analysis revealed typical ladders as early as 12 hours after treatment indicative of apoptosis .	8	81
The xeroderma pigmentosum group C ( XPC ) protein specifically involved in genome-wide damage recognition for nucleotide excision repair ( NER ) was purified as a tight complex with HR23B , one of the two mammalian homologs of RAD23 in budding yeast .	
This XPC-HR23B complex exhibits strong binding affinity for single-stranded DNA , as well as preferential binding to various types of damaged DNA .	
To examine the structure-function relationship of XPC , a series of truncated mutant proteins were generated and assayed for various binding activities .	
The two domains participating in binding to HR23B and damaged DNA , respectively , were mapped within the carboxy-terminal half of XPC , which also contains an evolutionary conserved amino acid sequence homologous to the yeast RAD4 protein .	
We established that the carboxy-terminal 125 amino acids are dispensable for both HR23B and damaged DNA binding , while interactions with transcription factor IIH ( TFIIH ) are significantly impaired by truncation of this domain .	62	6
Unexpectedly , however , Nup98-Hoxa9 also enforced strong transcription of the cellular Hoxa9 , Hoxa7 and Meis1 genes at levels similar to those found in mouse AML's generated by proviral activation of Hoxa9 and Meis1 .	
These results suggest that following initial damage recognition , the carboxy terminus of XPC may be essential for the recruitment of TFIIH , and that most truncation mutations identified in XP-C patients result in non-functional proteins .	62	6
Flow cytometry and immunohistochemistry were used to determine the effects of genistein on apoptosis induction and expression of related gene proteins of colon cancer cells .	
RESULTS The MTT colorimetric assay showed that genistein inhibited the proliferation of SW480 cells in a dose-dependent and time-dependent manner , and the highest inhibition rate was 60.2% after 80 microg/ml genistein treatment for 72 h .	
The light microscopy revealed that many genistein-treated cancer cells were shrunken , disrupted , or showing cytoplasmic vacuolization .	
The electron microscopic examination showed cell shrinkage , nuclear fragmentation and pronounced chromatin condensation , sometimes formed crescent chromatin condensation attached to the nuclear membrane .	8	81
OBJECTIVE To study the effects of genistein on the proliferation , apoptosis induction and expression of related gene proteins of human colon cancer cells in vitro and in vivo , and its mechanisms of action .	
METHODS MTT colorimetric assay was used to detect the effects of genistein on the proliferation of human colon adenocarcinoma SW480 cells .	
Light and transmission electron microscopy were used to study the histological and ultrastructural changes .	
Flow cytometry was used to determine the effects of genistein on cell cycle and apoptosis .	
The study of the wave packet formation upon 20-fs illumination has shown that the vibration energy of the wave packet promotes reversible overcoming of an energy barrier between two potential energy surfaces P* and P*(P(A)(\u03b4+)B(A)(\u03b4-)) at For longer excitation pulses ( 40fs ) this promotion is absent and tunneling through an energy barrier takes about 3ps .	
This article is part of a Special Issue entitled : Photosynthesis Research for Sustainability : from Natural to Artificial .	
The results of flow cytometry showed that : after SW480 cells were treated with 0 , 20 , 40 , 80 microg/ml genistein for 48 h , the FI values of PCNA were 1.49 +/- 0.02 , 1.28 +/- 0.04 , 1.14 +/- 0.03 , and 0.93 +/- 0.08 ; the FI values of VEGF were 1.75 +/- 0.02 , 1.34 +/- 0.06 , 1.32 +/- 0.04 , and 1.23 +/- 0.04 ; the fluorescence index ( FI ) values of p21 were 1.26 +/- 0.05 , 1.36 +/- 0.06 , 1.61 +/- 0.03 , and 1.73 +/- 0.03 , respectively .	9	51	511	5	91
There were statistically significant differences between the control group and each treatment group ( P < 0.05 or P < 0.01 ) .	511	5	51
Primary charge separation dynamics in the reaction center ( RC ) of purple bacterium Rhodobacter sphaeroides and its P870 heterodimer mutants have been studied using femtosecond time-resolved spectroscopy with 20 and 40fs excitation at 870nm at 293K .	
Absorbance increase in the 1060-1130nm region that is presumably attributed to P(A)(\u03b4+) cation radical molecule as a part of mixed state with a charge transfer character P*(P(A)(\u03b4+)P(B)(\u03b4-)) was found .	
Thus , regulation of miR221/222 by apoE3 occurs invivo as well as invitro .	
Collectively , the data are consistent with the concept that MAQ-NOH may operate by more than one mechanism ; one that involves lipid peroxidation in the presence of normal amounts of erythrocytic GSH , and one that involves protein oxidation in red cells with low levels of GSH , such as are seen in individuals with glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency .	
Vaccine therapy has also been demonstrated to improve OS in patients with asymptomatic or minimally symptomatic metastatic CRPC .	
T-BET and IFN-gamma mRNA expression were decreased in the OTR group .	
Although Th17-weighted inflammation was unchanged , IL-17A mRNA level was markedly decreased with immunosuppression .	a	2	a2	22
Multiple myeloma ( MM ) is classically illustrated by a desynchronized cytokine system with rise in inflammatory cytokines .	
There are recent reports which emphasized the potential role of angiogenesis in the development of MM. Role of cyclooxygenase 2 ( COX-2 ) is well documented in the pathogenesis of solid tumors , but little is known about its occurrence and function in hematologic neoplasms .	
Involvement of neoangiogenesis is reported in the progression of MM , and angiopoietins probably contribute to this progression by enhancing neovascularization .	
Circulatory and mRNA levels of angiogenic factors and cyclooxygenase were determined in 125 subjects ( 75 MM patients and 50 healthy controls ) by using enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay and quantitative PCR .	
We observed significant increase for angiogenic factors ( Ang-1 , Ang-2 , hepatocyte growth factor , and vascular endothelial growth factor ) and cyclooxygenase at circulatory level , as well as at mRNA level , as compared to healthy controls except insignificant increase for Ang-1 at circulatory level .	a	7	711	a2	71
We have also observed the significant positive correlation of all angiogenic factors with cyclooxygenase .	71	7	711
The strong association found between angiogenic factors and COX-2 in this study may lead to the development of combination therapeutic strategy to treat MM. Therefore , targeting COX-2 by using its effective inhibitors demonstrating antiangiogenic and antitumor effects could be used as a new therapeutic approach for treatment of MM .	
Our findings support the hypothesis that nontumor-bearing skin adjacent to SCC in OTRs is not necessarily normal and that the local microenvironment may contribute to a field effect contributing to higher recurrence rates and more aggressive behavior observed in these patients .	
In terms of location , 68.7% of the cohort had intestinal-type cancer and 30.7% had diffuse-type .	
CONCLUSION : IR-induced autophagy provides a self-protective mechanism against radiotherapy in SKVCR cells , the use of autophagy inhibitor , 3MA , increases the killing effects of radiation by inhibiting autophagy and radiation- induced S phase delay , also by the increase of apoptosis , which suggests a better therapeutic strategy in drug- resistant SKVCR ovarian cancer cells .	82	81	8
Cav-1 ( -/- ) deficient stromal cells are a new genetic model for myofibroblasts and cancer-associated fibroblasts .	
Using an unbiased informatics analysis of the transcriptional profile of Cav-1 ( -/- ) deficient mesenchymal stromal cells , we have now identified many of the major signaling pathways that are activated by a loss of Cav-1 , under conditions of metabolic restriction ( with low glucose media ) .	
Our informatics analysis suggests that a loss of Cav-1 induces oxidative stress , which mimics a constitutive pseudo-hypoxic state , leading to ( 1 ) aerobic glycolysis and ( 2 ) inflammation in the tumor stromal microenvironment .	a21	a2	a
This occurs via the activation of two major transcription factors , namely HIF ( aerobic glycolysis ) and NFκB ( inflammation ) in Cav-1 ( -/- ) stromal fibroblastic cells .	a	a2
Experimentally , we show that Cav-1 deficient stromal cells may possess defective mitochondria , due to the over-production of nitric oxide ( NO ) , resulting in the tyrosine nitration of the mitochondrial respiratory chain components ( such as complex I ) .	
Elevated levels of nitro-tyrosine were observed both in Cav-1 ( -/- ) stromal cells , and via acute knock-down with siRNA targeting Cav-1 .	
Finally , metabolic restriction with mitochondrial ( complex I ) and glycolysis inhibitors was synthetically lethal with a Cav-1 ( -/- ) deficiency in mice .	31	3
As such , Cav-1 deficient mice show a dramatically reduced mitochondrial reserve capacity .	
When the analysis was restricted to ever smokers ( 184 case patients and 344 matched control subjects ) , the OR for lung cancer in men in the highest quartile of IGFBP-3 relative to those in the lowest quartile , adjusted for smoking and IGF-I , was 0.41 ( 95% CI = 0.18 to 0.92 ) .	
However , for subjects in the highest quartile relative to the lowest quartile of IGFBP-3 , the odds ratio ( OR ) for lung cancer , adjusted for smoking and IGF-I , was 0.50 ( 95% confidence interval [ CI ] = 0.25 to 1.02 ) .	
RESULTS Among 230 case patients and 659 matched control subjects , increased IGF-I levels were not associated with increased risk of lung cancer .	9	92
We analyzed IGF-I and IGFBP-3 levels in serum from 230 case patients who developed incident lung cancer during follow-up and from 740 control subjects .	
METHODS From 1986 to 1989 , serum was collected from 18,244 men aged 45-64 years living in Shanghai without a history of cancer .	
In a prospective study of men in Shanghai , China , we examined the association between serum levels of IGF-I and IGFBP-3 and the subsequent risk of lung cancer .	
The major binding protein for IGF-I , insulin-like growth factor-binding protein 3 ( IGFBP-3 ) , modulates the effects of IGF-I but also inhibits cell growth and induces apoptosis independent of IGF-I and its receptor .	
BACKGROUND Insulin-like growth factor I ( IGF-I ) stimulates cell proliferation and inhibits apoptosis in the lung and other tissues by interacting with the IGF-I receptor .	
However , the mechanism underlying this selectivity is unknown .	
( 4 ) G2/M arrest was induced by radiation in both cells ; the accumulation of G2/M was more significant in SKOV3 , 3MA attenuated the radiation-induced S phase delay in SKVCR .	91	9
CONCLUSIONS These results demonstrate that proliferation and apoptosis are disturbed during colorectal cancer progression , and this is accompanied by loss of Rb and Fas expression , the accumulation of p53 and TS , and changes in the expression patterns of bax , mcl-1 , and bcl-xl .	9	81	8
( 64)Cu-NODAGA-c(RGDyK ) is a promising new angiogenesis PET tracer with potential for human use .	7	71
The tumor targeting and in vivo properties were evaluated by biodistribution and microPET studies in tumor-bearing mice.Results : The radiolabeling yield and specific activity of [ (18)F]FBEM-scVEGF were 20.6 � 15.1% ( based on starting [ (18)F]FBEM , uncorrected , n = 5 ) and 58.8 � 12.4 GBq/�mol , respectively .	
Noninvasive microPET and direct tissue sampling experiments demonstrated that [ (18)F]FBEM-scVEGF had VEGFR specific tumor uptake in MDA-MB-435 , U87MG and 4T1 xenograft models .	71	7	711
The optimal tumor uptake was achieved at 2 h p.i. , which can be partially , but significantly blocked by co-injection of non-labeled scVEGF protein .	71	7	711
Overall , [ (18)F]FBEM-scVEGF showed VEGFR specific tumor uptake.Conclusion : The scVEGF was site-specifically labeled with ( 18)F via [ (18)F]FBEM prosthetic group and the tracer [ (18)F]FBEM-scVEGF exhibited high receptor binding affinity and tumor targeting efficacy .	71	7	711
Vascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF ) is one of the most important mediators of angiogenesis .	
Single-chain ( sc)-VEGF protein containing an N-terminal Cys-tag has been designed for site-specific modification with a variety of imaging and therapeutic moieties .	
Site-specific labeling of scVEGF with thiol-reactive prosthetic group , N-[2-(4-(18)F-fluorobenzamido) ethyl ] maleimide ( [ (18)F]FBEM ) for positron emission tomography ( PET ) imaging of VEFGR may provide a new tracer which has great potential for clinical translation.Methods : [ (18)F]FBEM-scVEGF was synthesized by site-specific conjugation of ( 18)F-FBEM to a thiol group in Cys-tag of scVEGF at room temperature .	
The functional activity after labeling was tested by immunofluorescence staining , cellular uptake and efflux .	
Further study of [ (18)F ] FBEM-scVEGF to evaluate angiogenesis in cancer and other disease types is warranted .	71	7	711
MUC1 expression was not correlated with any other clinicopathological variables such as age , gender , depth of invasion , lymph node metastasis , Lauren classification or recurrence .	1
However , loss of MUC4 expression was significantly correlated with recurrence ( p=0.033 ) .	
Therefore , we investigated the potential use of mucin ( MUC)1 and 4 as prognostic markers in gastric cancer according to histological subtype .	
Three-hundred and sixty-five gastric adenocarcinoma patients who underwent surgical resection were selected for this study .	
Aberrant expression of mucins is likely associated with cancer biology as alterations in the expression and/or glycosylation patterns of various mucins have been noted .	
Expression of the mucin family in gastric cancers has been reported in numerous studies , but the results are conflicting .	
We constructed tissue microarrays with formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded blocks of gastric cancer and these micro-arrays were evaluated for phenotypic expression of MUC1/4 using monoclonal antibodies .	
Two-hundred and ninety-two patients ( 92.7% ) were positive for MUC1 and 216 ( 60.5% ) were positive for MUC4 .	1
Among the 365 gastric cancer samples tested here , 34% consisted of early gastric cancer and 66% were advanced .	
In conclusion , ER genes are abundantly expressed in both histologically normal human lung and lung tumor cell lines .	
Unexpectedly , cell cycle inhibitor p21WAF1 was induced by IL-20 treatment without altering cell cycle progression .	9	51	511	5	91
Since Cav-1 ( -/- ) mice are also an established animal model for profibrotic disease , our current results may have implications for understanding the pathogenesis of scleroderma ( systemic sclerosis ) and pulmonary fibrosis , which are also related to abnormal mesenchymal stem cell function .	
All three apoE isoforms regulate miR221/222 , and the effect is independent of the C-terminal lipid-binding domain. miR221/222 levels are increased in the aortae of apoE3-null mice and reduced when apoE3 expression is reconstituted by adeno-associated virus infection .	
In direct support of these findings , the transcriptional profile of Cav-1 ( -/- ) stromal cells overlaps significantly with Alzheimer disease , which is characterized by oxidative stress , NO over-production ( peroxynitrite formation ) , inflammation , hypoxia and mitochondrial dysfunction .	
We conclude that Cav-1 ( -/- ) deficient mice are a new whole-body animal model for an activated lethal tumor microenvironment , i.e. , " tumor stroma " without the tumor .